The Super Mario Galaxy Movie(2026),PG-13. Overview:Having thwarted Bowser's previous plot to marry Princess Peach, Mario and Luigi now face a fresh threat in Bowser Jr., who is determined to liberate his father from captivity and restore the family legacy. Alongside companions new and old, the brothers travel across the stars to stop the young heir's crusade..Genres: Family, Comedy, Adventure, Fantasy, Animation.

Your Heart Will Be Broken(2026),PG-13. Overview:High school student Polina is saved from bullying at her new school and makes a deal with the main bully Bars: he must pretend to be her boyfriend and protect her, and she must do everything he says. During this game, the couple develops real feelings, but her family and classmates have reasons to separate the lovers..Genres: Romance, Drama.

Avatar: Fire and Ash(2025),PG-13. Overview:In the wake of the devastating war against the RDA and the loss of their eldest son, Jake Sully and Neytiri face a new threat on Pandora: the Ash People, a violent and power-hungry Na'vi tribe led by the ruthless Varang. Jake's family must fight for their survival and the future of Pandora in a conflict that pushes them to their emotional and physical limits..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure, Fantasy.

Avatar: Aang, The Last Airbender(2026),PG-13. Overview:Avatar Aang, the world's last Airbender, learns of an ancient power that could save his culture from extinction. With the help of his friends, he embarks on a global quest to find it before it falls into the wrong hands and threatens to upend the peace they sacrificed everything to achieve..Genres: Animation, Action, Adventure, Fantasy.

The Mortuary Assistant(2026),PG-13. Overview:Rebecca Owens, a recent mortuary science graduate takes a night shift job at River Fields Mortuary. Initially, the job seems straightforward — embalming bodies, completing paperwork, and keeping things tidy. But once Rebecca starts working the night shift, things take a dark turn..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Project Hail Mary(2026),PG-13. Overview:Science teacher Ryland Grace wakes up on a spaceship light years from home with no recollection of who he is or how he got there. As his memory returns, he begins to uncover his mission: solve the riddle of the mysterious substance causing the sun to die out. He must call on his scientific knowledge and unorthodox ideas to save everything on Earth from extinction… but an unexpected friendship means he may not have to do it alone..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure.

Hoppers(2026),PG-13. Overview:Scientists have discovered how to 'hop' human consciousness into lifelike robotic animals, allowing people to communicate with animals as animals. Animal lover Mabel seizes an opportunity to use the technology, uncovering mysteries within the animal world beyond anything she could have imagined..Genres: Animation, Family, Science Fiction, Comedy, Adventure.

Thrash(2026),PG-13. Overview:When a Category 5 hurricane decimates a coastal town, the storm surge brings devastation, chaos, and something far more frightening onto shore: hungry sharks..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

Sex with Love(2003),PG-13. Overview:In Santiago, Chile, the schoolteacher Luisa proposes a debate about sex with the parents of her students with the intention of giving classes about sex education to the youngsters..Genres: Comedy, Romance.

Balls Up(2026),PG-13. Overview:Two marketing executives go "balls out" and pitch a bold full‑coverage condom sponsorship with the World Cup. After their drunken celebration in Brazil sparks a global scandal, they must outrun furious fans, criminals, and power-hungry officials to salvage their careers and make it home alive..Genres: Comedy, Action, Adventure.

Shelter(2026),PG-13. Overview:A man living in self-imposed exile on a remote island rescues a young girl from a violent storm, setting off a chain of events that forces him out of seclusion to protect her from enemies tied to his past..Genres: Action, Crime, Thriller.

Greenland 2: Migration(2026),PG-13. Overview:Having found the safety of the Greenland bunker after the comet Clarke decimated the Earth, the Garrity family must now risk everything to embark on a perilous journey across the wasteland of Europe to find a new home..Genres: Adventure, Thriller, Science Fiction.

Sniper: No Nation(2026),PG-13. Overview:Brandon Beckett and Agent Zero lead a rescue mission in Venezuela when their friends are taken hostage..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Send Help(2026),PG-13. Overview:Two colleagues become stranded on a deserted island, the only survivors of a plane crash. On the island, they must overcome past grievances and work together to survive, but ultimately, it's a battle of wills and wits to make it out alive..Genres: Horror, Thriller, Comedy.

The Super Mario Bros. Movie(2023),PG-13. Overview:While working underground to fix a water main, Brooklyn plumbers—and brothers—Mario and Luigi are transported down a mysterious pipe and wander into a magical new world. But when the brothers are separated, Mario embarks on an epic quest to find Luigi..Genres: Family, Comedy, Adventure, Fantasy, Animation.

Lee Cronin's The Mummy(2026),PG-13. Overview:The young daughter of a journalist disappears into the desert without a trace—eight years later, the broken family is shocked when she is returned to them, as what should be a joyful reunion turns into a living nightmare..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Crime 101(2026),PG-13. Overview:When an elusive thief whose high-stakes heists unfold along the iconic 101 freeway in Los Angeles eyes the score of a lifetime, with hopes of this being his final job, his path collides with a disillusioned insurance broker who is facing her own crossroads. Determined to crack the case, a relentless detective closes in on the operation, raising the stakes even higher..Genres: Crime, Thriller.

GOAT(2026),PG-13. Overview:A small goat with big dreams gets a once-in-a-lifetime shot to join the pros and play roarball, a high-intensity, co-ed, full-contact sport dominated by the fastest, fiercest animals in the world..Genres: Animation, Comedy, Family.

Scream 7(2026),PG-13. Overview:When a new Ghostface killer emerges in the quiet town where Sidney Prescott has built a new life, her darkest fears are realized as her daughter becomes the next target. Determined to protect her family, Sidney must face the horrors of her past to put an end to the bloodshed once and for all..Genres: Horror, Mystery, Crime.

Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba Infinity Castle(2025),PG-13. Overview:The Demon Slayer Corps are drawn into the Infinity Castle, where Tanjiro, Nezuko, and the Hashira face terrifying Upper Rank demons in a desperate fight as the final battle against Muzan Kibutsuji begins..Genres: Animation, Action, Fantasy.

Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba Infinity Castle(2025),PG-13. Overview:The Demon Slayer Corps are drawn into the Infinity Castle, where Tanjiro, Nezuko, and the Hashira face terrifying Upper Rank demons in a desperate fight as the final battle against Muzan Kibutsuji begins..Genres: Animation, Action, Fantasy.

undertone(2026),PG-13. Overview:The host of a popular paranormal podcast becomes haunted by terrifying recordings mysteriously sent her way..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Scream 7(2026),PG-13. Overview:When a new Ghostface killer emerges in the quiet town where Sidney Prescott has built a new life, her darkest fears are realized as her daughter becomes the next target. Determined to protect her family, Sidney must face the horrors of her past to put an end to the bloodshed once and for all..Genres: Horror, Mystery, Crime.

Return to Silent Hill(2026),PG-13. Overview:When James receives a mysterious letter from his lost love Mary, he is drawn to Silent Hill—a once-familiar town now consumed by darkness. As he searches for her, James faces monstrous creatures and unravels a terrifying truth that will push him to the edge of his sanity..Genres: Mystery, Drama, Horror.

Whistle(2026),PG-13. Overview:A misfit group of unwitting high school students stumble upon a cursed object, an ancient Aztec Death Whistle. They discover that blowing the whistle and the terrifying sound it emits will summon their future deaths to hunt them down..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

The Crucifix: Blood of the Exorcist(2025),PG-13. Overview:A gruesome discovery in the grounds of their new home plunges a young couple into a maelstrom of spiritual possession, pagan rituals, Viking battles, and violent revenge..Genres: Horror.

The Yeti(2026),PG-13. Overview:When an oil tycoon and a famous adventurer vanish into the harsh winter of remote northern Alaska, a hand-picked rescue team endeavors to bring them home. What they don’t know is that they are trespassing on The Yeti’s territory, and the elements are the least of their worries..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

The Devil Wears Prada(2006),PG-13. Overview:A young woman from the Midwest gets more than she bargained for when she moves to New York to become a writer and ends up as the assistant to the tyrannical, larger-than-life editor-in-chief of a major fashion magazine..Genres: Drama, Comedy.

Zootopia 2(2025),PG-13. Overview:After cracking the biggest case in Zootopia's history, rookie cops Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde find themselves on the twisting trail of a great mystery when Gary De'Snake arrives and turns the animal metropolis upside down. To crack the case, Judy and Nick must go undercover to unexpected new parts of town, where their growing partnership is tested like never before..Genres: Animation, Family, Mystery, Adventure, Comedy.

War Machine(2026),PG-13. Overview:On one last grueling mission during Army Ranger training, a combat engineer must lead his unit in a fight against a giant otherworldly killing machine..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Thriller.

The Housemaid(2025),PG-13. Overview:Trying to escape her past, Millie Calloway accepts a job as a live-in housemaid for the wealthy Nina and Andrew Winchester. But what begins as a dream job quickly unravels into something far more dangerous—a sexy, seductive game of secrets, scandal, and power..Genres: Mystery, Thriller.

Mudborn(2025),PG-13. Overview:Hsu-Chuan, who works at a game company, accidentally brings home a broken clay doll from a haunted house while developing a new horror VR game. Unexpectedly, his pregnant wife, Mu-Hua, a cultural relic restorer, develops an obsession with the doll and relentlessly tries to repair it. As strange things begin to happen in the house, Mu-Hua's condition deteriorates, and Hsu-Chuan, at his wits' end, seeks help from a spiritual medium, Ah-Sheng. Meanwhile, the horrifying secret hidden behind the clay doll begins to surface..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

The Bride!(2026),PG-13. Overview:A lonely Frankenstein travels to 1930s Chicago to ask groundbreaking scientist Dr. Euphronious to create a companion for him. The two revive a murdered young woman and The Bride is born. But what ensues is beyond what either of them imagined..Genres: Science Fiction, Horror, Fantasy.

Pretty Lethal(2026),PG-13. Overview:A troupe of ballerinas find themselves fighting for survival as they attempt to escape from a remote inn after their bus breaks down on the way to a dance competition..Genres: Music, Thriller, Action, Horror.

The Shadow's Edge(2025),PG-13. Overview:Macau Police brings the tracking expert police officer out of retirement to help catch a dangerous group of professional thieves..Genres: Action, Crime, Drama, Thriller.

Outcome(2026),PG-13. Overview:Reef Hawk, Hollywood's poster child since age six, is not okay. When he learns about an extortion plot tied to a mysterious video, Reef preemptively sets out on a redemption tour to make amends, confront his demons, and avoid getting canceled..Genres: Comedy, Drama.

The Unknown Man(2021),PG-13. Overview:Louis, a Flemish writer, decides to isolate himself at the Côte d’Azur, hoping this place will bring him inspiration..Genres: Drama.

Anaconda(2025),PG-13. Overview:A group of friends facing mid-life crises head to the rainforest with the intention of remaking their favorite movie from their youth, only to find themselves in a fight for their lives against natural disasters, giant snakes and violent criminals..Genres: Adventure, Comedy, Horror.

War of the Worlds(2025),PG-13. Overview:Will Radford is a top analyst for Homeland Security who tracks potential threats through a mass surveillance program, until one day an attack by an unknown entity leads him to question whether the government is hiding something from him... and from the rest of the world..Genres: Science Fiction, Thriller.

Starbright(2026),PG-13. Overview:A young woman becomes the guardian of a fallen star, which she must protect from dangerous forces with the help of a brave stranger..Genres: Adventure, Action.

Spider-Man: No Way Home(2021),PG-13. Overview:Peter Parker is unmasked and no longer able to separate his normal life from the high-stakes of being a super-hero. When he asks for help from Doctor Strange the stakes become even more dangerous, forcing him to discover what it truly means to be Spider-Man..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Roommates(2026),PG-13. Overview:When shy college freshman Devon asks cool-girl Celeste to be her roommate, a blossoming friendship quickly spirals into a war of passive aggression..Genres: Comedy.

Mike & Nick & Nick & Alice(2026),PG-13. Overview:Two gangsters and the woman they love try to survive the most dangerous night of their lives. As if that wasn’t enough, there’s one wild ingredient added to the mix: a time machine..Genres: Comedy, Science Fiction, Crime.

Humint(2026),PG-13. Overview:A South Korean agent hunts a drug ring in Russia and goes head-to-head with a North Korean operative — pulling both into peril and tangled secrets..Genres: Thriller, Action, Drama.

Ready or Not: Here I Come(2026),PG-13. Overview:Moments after surviving an all-out attack from the Le Domas family, Grace discovers she’s reached the next level of the nightmarish game — and this time with her estranged sister Faith at her side. Grace has one chance to survive, keep her sister alive, and claim the High Seat of the Council that controls the world. Four rival families are hunting her for the throne, and whoever wins rules it all..Genres: Horror, Comedy.

Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani(2023),PG-13. Overview:Gym-freak brat Rocky falls in love with Rani, who comes from a well-educated Bengali family. Being from polar opposite worlds, the two decide to switch their families to adjust to each other's cultures and backgrounds and to know if their marriage will survive. Rocky and Rani are trapped in a world where they are united by love but divided by families and the ultimate question is will they fit in?.Genres: Comedy, Drama, Family, Romance.

"Wuthering Heights"(2026),PG-13. Overview:Tragedy strikes when Heathcliff falls in love with Catherine Earnshaw, a woman from a wealthy family in 18th-century England..Genres: Romance, Drama.

180(2026),PG-13. Overview:When an unexpected road rage incident puts his son in critical condition, an enraged father spirals down a dark path of emotional turmoil and vengeance..Genres: Thriller, Crime, Drama.

Reminders of Him(2026),PG-13. Overview:When Diem's custodial grandparents adamantly refuse Kenna's attempts to see her daughter, Kenna discovers unexpected compassion, and then something truer and deeper, with former NFL player and local bar owner Ledger. As their secret romance develops, so do the dangers for both of them, leading Kenna toward heartbreak and, ultimately, the hope for a second chance..Genres: Romance, Drama.

xXx(2002),PG-13. Overview:Xander Cage is your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude. When the US Government "recruits" him to go on a mission, he's not exactly thrilled. His mission: to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world, led by the nihilistic Yorgi..Genres: Action, Adventure, Thriller, Crime, Drama.

Interstellar(2014),PG-13. Overview:The adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage..Genres: Adventure, Drama, Science Fiction.

Young Sister-In-Law(2016),PG-13. Overview:Three men and women start living together. Byeong-soo is chosen in a scenario contest and is picked to write a script for a movie, so he leaves the noisy city and moves in with his married senior from school. At the house is Ji-eun, the senior's wife and a young and sexy Bo-yeong.  The three living together leads to some risky situations!.Genres: Romance.

The House on Haunted Grounds(2026),PG-13. Overview:What begins as a routine investigation into a house slated for demolition turns into a nightmare when the team faces an evil force, leaving behind only the recovered footage..Genres: Horror.

The Wrecking Crew(2026),PG-13. Overview:Estranged half-brothers Jonny and James reunite after their father's mysterious death. As they search for the truth, buried secrets reveal a conspiracy threatening to tear their family apart..Genres: Action, Comedy, Crime, Mystery.

¿Quieres Ser Mi Novia?(2026),PG-13. Overview:Javi and Lu's relationship faces dangerous territory as old and new temptations emerge: a young woman reigniting Javi's chemistry and a mature man pursuing Lu. Through humor, entanglements, and surprises, their love is tested..Genres: Comedy, Romance.

The Avengers(2012),PG-13. Overview:When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins!.Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Adventure.

28 Years Later: The Bone Temple(2026),PG-13. Overview:Dr. Kelson finds himself in a shocking new relationship - with consequences that could change the world as they know it - and Spike's encounter with Jimmy Crystal becomes a nightmare he can't escape..Genres: Horror, Thriller, Science Fiction.

Peaky Blinders: The Immortal Man(2026),PG-13. Overview:After his estranged son gets embroiled in a Nazi plot, self-exiled gangster Tommy Shelby must return to Birmingham to save his family — and his nation..Genres: Crime, Drama.

Hellfire(2026),PG-13. Overview:A drifter with a mysterious past arrives in a small town and finds the residents in the grip of a ruthless crime boss and realizes he has to help them..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Avengers: Infinity War(2018),PG-13. Overview:As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain..Genres: Adventure, Action, Science Fiction.

Lola's Secret(1984),PG-13. Overview:Young man has his dreams come true when the sexy new maid seduces him. But she also has a secret that leads to trouble..Genres: Drama, Comedy, Horror.

Predator: Badlands(2025),PG-13. Overview:Cast out from his clan, a young Predator finds an unlikely ally in a damaged android and embarks on a treacherous journey in search of the ultimate adversary..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Adventure.

Infiltrate(2026),PG-13. Overview:In a city overrun by crime, government Agent Lily Chen is forced to choose between her duty and her family when her husband is kidnapped, and she’s blackmailed into assassinating high-level criminals to save him. As she delves deeper into the criminal underworld, Lily’s relentless pursuit of justice unravels a web of corruption, leading to a final, life-altering decision that will change her world forever..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Mercy(2026),PG-13. Overview:In the near future, a detective stands on trial accused of murdering his wife. He has ninety minutes to prove his innocence to the advanced AI Judge he once championed, before it determines his fate..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Thriller, Crime.

Michael(2026),PG-13. Overview:Discover the story of Michael Jackson, one of the most influential artists the world has ever known, and his life beyond the music, tracing his journey from the discovery of his extraordinary talent as the lead of the Jackson Five, to the visionary artist whose creative ambition fueled a relentless pursuit to become the biggest entertainer in the world, highlighting both his life off-stage and some of the most iconic performances from his early solo career..Genres: Music, Drama.

The Drama(2026),PG-13. Overview:A happily engaged couple is put to the test when an unexpected turn sends their wedding week off the rails..Genres: Romance, Comedy, Drama.

Kraken(2026),PG-13. Overview:Marine biologist Johanne is doing research on a fish farm in Vangsnes, a rural community located by the fjord, when she encounters several strange occurrences. Along with the brutal deaths of two local teenagers, all signs point to the deep fjord; can there be more to the depths than the eye can see? At the bottom of the deepest fjord rests a mythical monster as large as a mountain, with a myriad of arms ready to crush and devour anything they can grab..Genres: Horror, Action, Thriller.

Nefeli(1980),PG-13. Overview:A beautiful woman is going to the island of Lesbos to rest, there she will meet two other beautiful young women and it will be great having sex with everyone..Genres: Romance.

The Deadly Little Mermaid(2026),PG-13. Overview:Some secrets are better left at the bottom of the ocean. Once she's in your house, there is no escape. When a struggling artist pulls a beautiful, unconscious woman from the freezing coastal waters, he thinks he’s performed a miracle. But as she recovers within the walls of his secluded home, a series of unsettling events leads him to a terrifying realization: her presence is no coincidence. She is inextricably linked to the same watery grave that claimed his family years ago..Genres: Horror.

The Intouchables(2011),PG-13. Overview:A true story of two men who should never have met – a quadriplegic aristocrat who was injured in a paragliding accident and a young man from the projects..Genres: Drama, Comedy.

Stepdaddy(2026),PG-13. Overview:Emotions and intrigue run high in this titillating taboo family affair. Chloe and Nica are sisters who both find themselves in their own passionate love affairs with their stepdad Carl..Genres: Drama.

The Shawshank Redemption(1994),PG-13. Overview:Imprisoned in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope..Genres: Drama, Crime.

Now You See Me: Now You Don't(2025),PG-13. Overview:The original Four Horsemen reunite with a new generation of illusionists to take on powerful diamond heiress Veronika Vanderberg, who leads a criminal empire built on money laundering and trafficking. The new and old magicians must overcome their differences to work together on their most ambitious heist yet..Genres: Crime, Thriller.

Jurassic World Rebirth(2025),PG-13. Overview:Five years after the events of Jurassic World Dominion, covert operations expert Zora Bennett is contracted to lead a skilled team on a top-secret mission to secure genetic material from the world's three most massive dinosaurs. When Zora's operation intersects with a civilian family whose boating expedition was capsized, they all find themselves stranded on an island where they come face-to-face with a sinister, shocking discovery that's been hidden from the world for decades..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure, Action.

JUJUTSU KAISEN: Execution(2025),PG-13. Overview:A veil abruptly descends over the busy Shibuya area amid the bustling Halloween crowds, trapping countless civilians inside. Satoru Gojo, the strongest jujutsu sorcerer, steps into the chaos. But lying in wait are curse users and spirits scheming to seal him away. Yuji Itadori, accompanied by his classmates and other top-tier jujutsu sorcerers, enters the fray in an unprecedented clash of curses — the Shibuya Incident. In the aftermath, ten colonies across Japan are transformed into dens of curses in a plan orchestrated by Noritoshi Kamo. As the deadly Culling Game starts, Special Grade sorcerer Yuta Okkotsu is assigned to carry out Yuji's execution for his perceived crimes. A compilation movie of Shibuya Incident including the first two episodes of the Culling Games arc..Genres: Animation, Action, Fantasy.

The Godfather(1972),PG-13. Overview:Spanning the years 1945 to 1955, a chronicle of the fictional Italian-American Corleone crime family. When organized crime family patriarch, Vito Corleone barely survives an attempt on his life, his youngest son, Michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers, launching a campaign of bloody revenge..Genres: Drama, Crime.

The Passion of the Christ(2004),PG-13. Overview:A graphic portrayal of the last twelve hours of Jesus of Nazareth's life..Genres: Drama.

Toaster(2026),PG-13. Overview:Murder and chaos erupt when a miser becomes obsessed with a toaster he gave as a wedding gift..Genres: Comedy, Crime, Action.

KPop Demon Hunters(2025),PG-13. Overview:When K-pop superstars Rumi, Mira and Zoey aren't selling out stadiums, they're using their secret powers to protect their fans from supernatural threats..Genres: Fantasy, Music, Comedy, Animation.

Avengers: Endgame(2019),PG-13. Overview:After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War, the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe once and for all, no matter what consequences may be in store..Genres: Adventure, Science Fiction, Action.

Kraken(2026),PG-13. Overview:Marine biologist Johanne is doing research on a fish farm in Vangsnes, a rural community located by the fjord, when she encounters several strange occurrences. Along with the brutal deaths of two local teenagers, all signs point to the deep fjord; can there be more to the depths than the eye can see? At the bottom of the deepest fjord rests a mythical monster as large as a mountain, with a myriad of arms ready to crush and devour anything they can grab..Genres: Horror, Action, Thriller.

Now You See Me: Now You Don't(2025),PG-13. Overview:The original Four Horsemen reunite with a new generation of illusionists to take on powerful diamond heiress Veronika Vanderberg, who leads a criminal empire built on money laundering and trafficking. The new and old magicians must overcome their differences to work together on their most ambitious heist yet..Genres: Crime, Thriller.

Dracula(2025),PG-13. Overview:In late 15th-century Eastern Europe, Prince Vlad II’s bride is brutally murdered. As a result, he renounces God and damns Heaven itself. Cursed with eternal life, Vlad is reborn as Dracula, an immortal warlord who defies fate in a blood-soaked crusade to wrench his lost love back from death..Genres: Horror, Fantasy, Romance.

Inception(2010),PG-13. Overview:Cobb, a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: "inception", the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Adventure.

The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1(2011),PG-13. Overview:Bella Swan and Edward Cullen's honeymoon phase is abruptly disrupted by betrayals and unforeseen tragedies that endanger their world..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Romance.

Hunting Season(2025),PG-13. Overview:When a reclusive survivalist and his daughter rescue a mysterious, wounded woman from a river, they become entangled in a deadly web of violence and revenge, forcing them to confront a brutal criminal to survive..Genres: Action, Drama, Thriller.

Lola's Secret(1984),PG-13. Overview:Young man has his dreams come true when the sexy new maid seduces him. But she also has a secret that leads to trouble..Genres: Drama, Comedy, Horror.

After We Fell(2021),PG-13. Overview:Just as Tessa's life begins to become unglued, nothing is what she thought it would be. Not her friends nor her family. The only person that she should be able to rely on is Hardin, who is furious when he discovers the massive secret that she's been keeping. Before Tessa makes the biggest decision of her life, everything changes because of revelations about her family..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Pulp Fiction(1994),PG-13. Overview:A burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner, a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling, comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time..Genres: Thriller, Crime, Comedy.

Avatar(2009),PG-13. Overview:In the 22nd century, a paraplegic Marine is dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission, but becomes torn between following orders and protecting an alien civilization..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Adventure.

Osiris(2025),PG-13. Overview:Special Forces commandos on a mission are abducted mid-operation by a mysterious spacecraft. Upon waking aboard, they find themselves prey to a relentless alien race in a fight for survival..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Horror.

Star Wars: The Last Jedi(2017),PG-13. Overview:Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker, who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile, the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order..Genres: Adventure, Action, Science Fiction.

Hamnet(2025),PG-13. Overview:The powerful story of love and loss that inspired the creation of Shakespeare's timeless masterpiece, Hamlet..Genres: Drama, Romance, History.

Deadpool & Wolverine(2024),PG-13. Overview:A listless Wade Wilson toils away in civilian life with his days as the morally flexible mercenary, Deadpool, behind him. But when his homeworld faces an existential threat, Wade must reluctantly suit-up again with an even more reluctant Wolverine..Genres: Action, Comedy, Science Fiction.

Madness(1980),PG-13. Overview:An escaped convicted murderer invades the cottage of a man, his wife and the wife's sister, whereupon he proceeds to torment this already dysfunctional trio with rape and violence..Genres: Thriller, Action, Crime.

Titanic(1997),PG-13. Overview:101-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story of her life aboard the Titanic, 84 years later. A young Rose boards the ship with her mother and fiancé. Meanwhile, Jack Dawson and Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. Rose tells the whole story from Titanic's departure through to its death—on its first and last voyage—on April 15, 1912..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Sinners(2025),PG-13. Overview:Trying to leave their troubled lives behind, twin brothers return to their hometown to start again, only to discover that an even greater evil is waiting to welcome them back..Genres: Horror, Action, Thriller.

Ready or Not(2019),PG-13. Overview:A young bride's wedding night turns into her worst nightmare when her ridiculously rich in-laws force her to play a gruesome game of hide-and-seek..Genres: Horror, Comedy.

Dhurandhar: The Revenge(2026),PG-13. Overview:As rival gangs, corrupt officials and a ruthless Major Iqbal close in, Hamza's mission for his country spirals into a bloody personal war where the line between patriot and monster disappears in the streets of Lyari..Genres: Action, Crime, Thriller.

KPop Demon Hunters(2025),PG-13. Overview:When K-pop superstars Rumi, Mira and Zoey aren't selling out stadiums, they're using their secret powers to protect their fans from supernatural threats..Genres: Fantasy, Music, Comedy, Animation.

Madness(1980),PG-13. Overview:An escaped convicted murderer invades the cottage of a man, his wife and the wife's sister, whereupon he proceeds to torment this already dysfunctional trio with rape and violence..Genres: Thriller, Action, Crime.

The Dark Knight(2008),PG-13. Overview:Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker..Genres: Action, Crime, Thriller.

Spider-Man: Brand New Day(2026),PG-13. Overview:Four years have passed since the events of No Way Home, and Peter is now an adult living entirely alone, having voluntarily erased himself from the lives and memories of those he loves. Crime-fighting in a New York that no longer knows his name, he's devoted himself entirely to protecting his city — a full-time Spider-Man — but as the demands on him intensify, the pressure sparks a surprising physical evolution that threatens his existence, even as a strange new pattern of crimes gives rise to one of the most powerful threats he has ever faced..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Adventure.

Good Luck, Have Fun, Don't Die(2026),PG-13. Overview:A 'Man from the Future' arrives at an LA diner where he must recruit the precise combination of disgruntled patrons to join him on a one-night quest to save the world from the terminal threat of a rogue artificial intelligence..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Comedy.

Sinners(2025),PG-13. Overview:Trying to leave their troubled lives behind, twin brothers return to their hometown to start again, only to discover that an even greater evil is waiting to welcome them back..Genres: Horror, Action, Thriller.

Ready or Not(2019),PG-13. Overview:A young bride's wedding night turns into her worst nightmare when her ridiculously rich in-laws force her to play a gruesome game of hide-and-seek..Genres: Horror, Comedy.

The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring(2001),PG-13. Overview:Young hobbit Frodo Baggins, after inheriting a mysterious ring from his uncle Bilbo, must leave his home in order to keep it from falling into the hands of its evil creator. Along the way, a fellowship is formed to protect the ringbearer and make sure that the ring arrives at its final destination: Mt. Doom, the only place where it can be destroyed..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

Hamnet(2025),PG-13. Overview:The powerful story of love and loss that inspired the creation of Shakespeare's timeless masterpiece, Hamlet..Genres: Drama, Romance, History.

Coraline(2009),PG-13. Overview:Wandering her rambling old house in her boring new town, 11-year-old Coraline discovers a hidden door to a strangely idealized version of her life. In order to stay in the fantasy, she must make a frighteningly real sacrifice..Genres: Animation, Family, Fantasy.

Exit 8(2025),PG-13. Overview:A man trapped in an endless sterile subway passageway sets out to find Exit 8. The rules of his quest are simple: do not overlook anything out of the ordinary. If you discover an anomaly, turn back immediately. If you don’t, carry on. Then leave from Exit 8. But even a single oversight will send him back to the beginning. Will he ever reach his goal and escape this infinite corridor?.Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Avatar: The Way of Water(2022),PG-13. Overview:Set more than a decade after the events of the first film, learn the story of the Sully family (Jake, Neytiri, and their kids), the trouble that follows them, the lengths they go to keep each other safe, the battles they fight to stay alive, and the tragedies they endure..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King(2003),PG-13. Overview:As armies mass for a final battle that will decide the fate of the world--and powerful, ancient forces of Light and Dark compete to determine the outcome--one member of the Fellowship of the Ring is revealed as the noble heir to the throne of the Kings of Men. Yet, the sole hope for triumph over evil lies with a brave hobbit, Frodo, who, accompanied by his loyal friend Sam and the hideous, wretched Gollum, ventures deep into the very dark heart of Mordor on his seemingly impossible quest to destroy the Ring of Power.​.Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

Kung Fu Panda 4(2024),PG-13. Overview:Po is gearing up to become the spiritual leader of his Valley of Peace, but also needs someone to take his place as Dragon Warrior. As such, he will train a new kung fu practitioner for the spot and will encounter a villain called the Chameleon who conjures villains from the past..Genres: Animation, Family, Action, Comedy, Adventure, Fantasy.

Parasite(2019),PG-13. Overview:All unemployed, Ki-taek's family takes peculiar interest in the wealthy and glamorous Parks for their livelihood until they get entangled in an unexpected incident..Genres: Comedy, Thriller, Drama.

Superman(2025),PG-13. Overview:Superman, a journalist in Metropolis, embarks on a journey to reconcile his Kryptonian heritage with his human upbringing as Clark Kent..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure, Action.

One Battle After Another(2025),PG-13. Overview:Washed-up revolutionary Bob exists in a state of stoned paranoia, surviving off-grid with his spirited, self-reliant daughter, Willa. When his evil nemesis resurfaces after 16 years and she goes missing, the former radical scrambles to find her, father and daughter both battling the consequences of his past..Genres: Thriller, Crime, Comedy.

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone(2001),PG-13. Overview:Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard—with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths—and about the villain who's to blame..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

The Matrix(1999),PG-13. Overview:Set in the 22nd century, The Matrix tells the story of a computer hacker who joins a group of underground insurgents fighting the vast and powerful computers who now rule the earth..Genres: Action, Science Fiction.

Alien(1979),PG-13. Overview:During its return to the earth, commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. When a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet, a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. The entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed..Genres: Horror, Science Fiction.

Moana 2(2024),PG-13. Overview:After receiving an unexpected call from her wayfinding ancestors, Moana journeys alongside Maui and a new crew to the far seas of Oceania and into dangerous, long-lost waters for an adventure unlike anything she's ever faced..Genres: Animation, Adventure, Family, Comedy, Fantasy.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse(2018),PG-13. Overview:Struggling to find his place in the world while juggling school and family, Brooklyn teenager Miles Morales is unexpectedly bitten by a radioactive spider and develops unfathomable powers just like the one and only Spider-Man. While wrestling with the implications of his new abilities, Miles discovers a super collider created by the madman Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk, causing others from across the Spider-Verse to be inadvertently transported to his dimension..Genres: Animation, Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

In Your Dreams(2025),PG-13. Overview:Stevie and her little brother Elliot journey into the wildly absurd landscape of their own dreams to ask the Sandman to grant them the perfect family..Genres: Animation, Family, Comedy, Adventure, Fantasy.

Wicked(2024),PG-13. Overview:In the land of Oz, ostracized and misunderstood green-skinned Elphaba is forced to share a room with the popular aristocrat Glinda at Shiz University, and the two's unlikely friendship is tested as they begin to fulfill their respective destinies as Glinda the Good and the Wicked Witch of the West..Genres: Drama, Romance, Fantasy.

Lake Jesup: Bonecrusher's Revenge(2024),PG-13. Overview:In 2003, Lake Jesup became the stage for a real-life horror story, as a monstrous alligator escaped from captivity and began a reign of terror. As the body count rose, a desperate hunt ensued to stop the creature..Genres: Horror, Comedy, Adventure.

Mary Queen of Scots(2018),PG-13. Overview:In 1561, Mary Stuart, widow of the King of France, returns to Scotland, reclaims her rightful throne and menaces the future of Queen Elizabeth I as ruler of England, because she has a legitimate claim to the English throne. Betrayals, rebellions, conspiracies and their own life choices imperil both Queens. They experience the bitter cost of power, until their tragic fate is finally fulfilled..Genres: Drama, History.

The Conjuring: Last Rites(2025),PG-13. Overview:Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren take on one last terrifying case involving mysterious entities they must confront..Genres: Horror.

Spirited Away(2001),PG-13. Overview:A young girl, Chihiro, becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation, she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free her family..Genres: Animation, Family, Fantasy.

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind(2004),PG-13. Overview:Joel Barish, heartbroken that his girlfriend underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory, decides to do the same. However, as he watches his memories of her fade away, he realises that he still loves her, and may be too late to correct his mistake..Genres: Science Fiction, Drama, Romance.

F1(2025),PG-13. Overview:Racing legend Sonny Hayes is coaxed out of retirement to lead a struggling Formula 1 team—and mentor a young hotshot driver—while chasing one more chance at glory..Genres: Action, Drama.

How to Make a Killing(2026),PG-13. Overview:Disowned at birth by his obscenely wealthy family, blue-collar Becket Redfellow will stop at nothing to reclaim his inheritance, no matter how many relatives stand in his way..Genres: Comedy, Thriller.

David(2025),PG-13. Overview:From the songs of his mother’s heart to the whispers of a faithful God, David’s story begins in quiet devotion. When the giant Goliath rises to terrorize a nation, a young shepherd armed with only a sling, a few stones, and unshakable faith steps forward. Pursued by power and driven by purpose, his journey tests the limits of loyalty, love, and courage—culminating in a battle not just for a crown, but for the soul of a kingdom..Genres: Animation, Family, Drama, Music.

We Bare Bears: The Movie(2020),PG-13. Overview:When Grizz, Panda, and Ice Bear's love of food trucks and viral videos get out of hand, the brothers are now chased away from their home and embark on a trip to Canada, where they can live in peace..Genres: Animation, Adventure, Family, Comedy, TV Movie.

After Porn Ends 2(2017),PG-13. Overview:After Porn Ends 2 picks up where its predecessor left off and not only turns back the clock to meet the oldest living stars in adult film's history, but goes in depth with some of Its most current retirees and juxtaposes their experiences in a life after porn. Delving deeper into society's ongoing stigmas of race, misogyny, and the reality of decreasing opportunities for these former VHS box cover stars. For some, their careers in adult entertainment is accepted proudly and without regret. In fact, it seems to have proven to be the pathway to their current happiness and inner peace. For others, however, a career in porn has proven to be a conduit to certain despair as they struggle to find a way to bury their past and emerge with a new career or calling..Genres: Documentary.

Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse(2023),PG-13. Overview:After reuniting with Gwen Stacy, Brooklyn’s full-time, friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is catapulted across the Multiverse, where he encounters the Spider Society, a team of Spider-People charged with protecting the Multiverse's very existence. But when the heroes clash on how to handle a new threat, Miles finds himself pitted against the other Spiders and must set out on his own to save those he loves most..Genres: Animation, Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Chainsaw Man - The Movie: Reze Arc(2025),PG-13. Overview:In a brutal war between devils, hunters, and secret enemies, a mysterious girl named Reze has stepped into Denji's world, and he faces his deadliest battle yet, fueled by love in a world where survival knows no rules..Genres: Animation, Action, Romance, Fantasy.

Venom: The Last Dance(2024),PG-13. Overview:Eddie and Venom are on the run. Hunted by both of their worlds and with the net closing in, the duo are forced into a devastating decision that will bring the curtains down on Venom and Eddie's last dance..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Adventure.

Bingo Bongo(1982),PG-13. Overview:The ape-man, found somewhere in the jungles of Congo, transferred to Milan and named Bingo Bongo. The only one who believes in the human qualities of him is Laura, a woman anthropologist , so their affection for each other even grows to love..Genres: Comedy.

The Rip(2026),PG-13. Overview:Trust frays when a team of Miami cops discovers millions in cash inside a run-down stash house, calling everyone — and everything — into question..Genres: Action, Thriller, Crime.

Top Gun: Maverick(2022),PG-13. Overview:After more than thirty years of service as one of the Navy’s top aviators, and dodging the advancement in rank that would ground him, Pete “Maverick” Mitchell finds himself training a detachment of TOP GUN graduates for a specialized mission the likes of which no living pilot has ever seen..Genres: Action, Drama.

Pizza Movie(2026),PG-13. Overview:A group of college students go downstairs to their dorm lobby to get a delivery pizza. There's only one issue: They're insanely high on a homemade drug, turning their simple journey down two sets of stairs into a mind-bendingly transformative quest..Genres: Comedy.

A Minecraft Movie(2025),PG-13. Overview:Four misfits find themselves struggling with ordinary problems when they are suddenly pulled through a mysterious portal into the Overworld: a bizarre, cubic wonderland that thrives on imagination. To get back home, they'll have to master this world while embarking on a magical quest with an unexpected, expert crafter, Steve..Genres: Family, Fantasy, Comedy, Adventure.

Ted 2(2015),PG-13. Overview:Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby, but in order to qualify to be a parent, Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law..Genres: Comedy, Fantasy.

The Shrinking Man(2025),PG-13. Overview:Paul, is an ordinary man who divides his life between his shipbuilding company, his wife Elise and their daughter Mia. During a sea trip, Paul finds himself confronted with a strange, unexplained meteorological phenomenon. From then on, Paul shrinks inexorably, without science being able to explain why or be of any help to him. When, by accident, he finds himself a prisoner in his own cellar, and while he is only a few centimeters tall, he will have to fight to survive in this banal environment that has become perilous. During this experience, Paul will find himself confronted with himself, with his humanity, and will try to answer the great questions of existence..Genres: Adventure, Science Fiction.

Frankenstein(2025),PG-13. Overview:Dr. Victor Frankenstein, a brilliant but egotistical scientist, brings a creature to life in a monstrous experiment that ultimately leads to the undoing of both the creator and his tragic creation..Genres: Drama, Fantasy, Horror.

Our Fault(2025),PG-13. Overview:Jenna and Lion's wedding brings about the long-awaited reunion between Noah and Nick after their breakup. Nick's inability to forgive Noah stands as an insurmountable barrier. He, heir to his grandfather's businesses, and she, starting her professional life, resist fueling a flame that's still alive. But now that their paths have crossed again, will love be stronger than resentment?.Genres: Romance, Drama.

Iron Man 2(2010),PG-13. Overview:With the world now aware of his dual life as the armored superhero Iron Man, billionaire inventor Tony Stark faces pressure from the government, the press and the public to share his technology with the military. Unwilling to let go of his invention, Stark, with Pepper Potts and James 'Rhodey' Rhodes at his side, must forge new alliances – and confront powerful enemies..Genres: Adventure, Action, Science Fiction.

Hannah Waddingham: Home for Christmas(2023),PG-13. Overview:Ring in the holidays with Emmy-winning star Hannah Waddingham as she welcomes special guests for a musical extravaganza at the London Coliseum..Genres: Music.

Five Nights at Freddy's 2(2025),PG-13. Overview:One year since the supernatural nightmare at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, the stories about what transpired there have been twisted into a campy local legend, inspiring the town's first ever Fazfest. With the truth kept from her, Abby sneaks out to reconnect with Freddy, Bonnie, Chica, and Foxy, setting into motion a terrifying series of events that will reveal dark secrets about the real origin of Freddy's, and unleash a decades-hidden horror..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

Se7en(1995),PG-13. Overview:Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt for a serial killer whose crimes are based on the "seven deadly sins" in this dark and haunting film that takes viewers from the tortured remains of one victim to the next. The seasoned Det. Somerset researches each sin in an effort to get inside the killer's mind, while his novice partner, Mills, scoffs at his efforts to unravel the case..Genres: Crime, Mystery, Thriller.

Apocalypto(2006),PG-13. Overview:Set in the Mayan civilization, when a man's idyllic presence is brutally disrupted by a violent invading force, he is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression where a harrowing end awaits him. Through a twist of fate and spurred by the power of his love for his woman and his family he will make a desperate break to return home and to ultimately save his way of life..Genres: Action, Drama, History.

Primate(2026),PG-13. Overview:Lucy, a college student, along with her friends, spend their vacation at her family's home in Hawaii, which includes her pet chimpanzee, Ben. However, when Ben contracts rabies after being bitten by a rabid animal, the group must fight for their lives in order to avoid the now-violent chimp..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

The Wild Robot(2024),PG-13. Overview:After a shipwreck, an intelligent robot called Roz is stranded on an uninhabited island. To survive the harsh environment, Roz bonds with the island's animals and cares for an orphaned baby goose..Genres: Family, Animation, Science Fiction, Adventure.

Spider-Man: Homecoming(2017),PG-13. Overview:Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

The Green Mile(1999),PG-13. Overview:A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison, where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard, Paul Edgecomb, recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift, he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution..Genres: Fantasy, Drama, Crime.

The Mummy(1999),PG-13. Overview:Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of Hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s Egypt. It has been over three thousand years since former High Priest Imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken..Genres: Adventure, Action, Fantasy.

The Godfather Part II(1974),PG-13. Overview:In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime family, a young Vito Corleone grows up in Sicily and in 1910s New York. In the 1950s, Michael Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba..Genres: Drama, Crime.

Inside Out 2(2024),PG-13. Overview:Teenager Riley's mind headquarters is undergoing a sudden demolition to make room for something entirely unexpected: new Emotions! Joy, Sadness, Anger, Fear and Disgust, who’ve long been running a successful operation by all accounts, aren’t sure how to feel when Anxiety shows up. And it looks like she’s not alone..Genres: Animation, Adventure, Comedy, Family.

Forrest Gump(1994),PG-13. Overview:A man with a low IQ has accomplished great things in his life and been present during significant historic events—in each case, far exceeding what anyone imagined he could do. But despite all he has achieved, his one true love eludes him..Genres: Comedy, Drama, Romance.

Obi-Wan Kenobi: A Jedi's Return(2022),PG-13. Overview:This special explores the return of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker to the screen, as well as Ewan McGregor and Hayden Christensen to their classic roles. Director Deborah Chow leads the cast and crew as they create new heroes and villains that live alongside new incarnations of beloved Star Wars characters, and an epic story that dramatically bridges the saga films..Genres: Documentary.

Fight Club(1999),PG-13. Overview:A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground "fight clubs" forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion..Genres: Drama, Thriller.

Killer Whale(2026),PG-13. Overview:Follows best friends Maddie and Trish as they find themselves trapped in a remote lagoon with the dangerous killer whale named Ceto..Genres: Thriller, Horror, Action, Mystery, Science Fiction.

Despicable Me 4(2024),PG-13. Overview:Gru and Lucy and their girls—Margo, Edith and Agnes—welcome a new member to the Gru family, Gru Jr., who is intent on tormenting his dad. Gru also faces a new nemesis in Maxime Le Mal and his femme fatale girlfriend Valentina, forcing the family to go on the run..Genres: Family, Comedy, Animation, Science Fiction, Action.

Bāhubali: The Epic(2025),PG-13. Overview:When a mysterious child is found by a tribal couple near a roaring waterfall, they raise him as their own. As he grows, Sivudu is drawn to the world beyond the cliffs, where he discovers the ancient kingdom of Mahishmati, ruled by a cruel tyrant, haunted by rebellion, and bound to his past. What begins as a quest for love soon unravels a legacy of betrayal, sacrifice, and a forgotten prince..Genres: Action, Drama.

How to Train Your Dragon(2025),PG-13. Overview:On the rugged isle of Berk, where Vikings and dragons have been bitter enemies for generations, Hiccup stands apart, defying centuries of tradition when he befriends Toothless, a feared Night Fury dragon. Their unlikely bond reveals the true nature of dragons, challenging the very foundations of Viking society..Genres: Fantasy, Family, Action, Adventure.

From the Ashes(2027),PG-13. Overview:Jailed for her husband's crime, a woman discovers that her only way out is to solve riddles from her mysterious past..Genres: Drama.

The Death That Awaits(2025),PG-13. Overview:A drifter searching for answers to a mystery from her past takes on a job looking after a sick teen who is undergoing a mysterious transformation her family will do anything to stop..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

From Straight A's to XXX(2017),PG-13. Overview:When a change of circumstances leaves Miriam unable to pay her college tuition, she makes a surprising decision: to start performing in adult films, using the pseudonym Belle Knox. Miriam lies to her family and her friends at school, keeping her double life a secret. But soon rumours spread and Miriam becomes the subject of vicious online attacks and unwanted attention. Miriam fights back: she talks to the media, saying her new line of work empowers her as a feminist. But her confident stand has unintended consequences. Miriam is shunned by her conservative family and her colleagues in the adult film world. One impulsive decision has quickly spiralled out of control - and Miriam's problems are just beginning..Genres: Drama, TV Movie.

Schindler's List(1993),PG-13. Overview:The true story of how businessman Oskar Schindler saved over a thousand Jewish lives from the Nazis while they worked as slaves in his factory during World War II..Genres: Drama, History, War.

Oppenheimer(2023),PG-13. Overview:The story of J. Robert Oppenheimer's role in the development of the atomic bomb during World War II..Genres: Drama, History.

Shrek(2001),PG-13. Overview:It ain't easy bein' green -- especially if you're a likable (albeit smelly) ogre named Shrek. On a mission to retrieve a gorgeous princess from the clutches of a fire-breathing dragon, Shrek teams up with an unlikely compatriot -- a wisecracking donkey..Genres: Animation, Comedy, Fantasy, Adventure, Family.

The Devil Wears Prada 2(2026),PG-13. Overview:Miranda Priestly navigates her career amid the decline of traditional magazine publishing. She faces off against Emily Charlton, her one-time assistant, now a high-powered executive for a luxury group, with advertising dollars that Priestly desperately needs..Genres: Drama, Comedy.

Van Helsing(2004),PG-13. Overview:Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing is dispatched to Transylvania to assist the last of the Valerious bloodline in defeating Count Dracula. Anna Valerious reveals that Dracula has formed an unholy alliance with Dr. Frankenstein's monster and is hell-bent on exacting a centuries-old curse on her family..Genres: Horror, Adventure, Action.

Turning Red(2022),PG-13. Overview:Thirteen-year-old Mei is experiencing the awkwardness of being a teenager with a twist – when she gets too excited, she transforms into a giant red panda..Genres: Animation, Family, Comedy, Fantasy.

Iron Man(2008),PG-13. Overview:After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Adventure.

A Desert(2025),PG-13. Overview:A photographer’s road trip takes a dark turn when he befriends a reckless couple, plunging him into a nightmarish neo-noir spiral of unpredictable horror..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers(2002),PG-13. Overview:Frodo Baggins and the other members of the Fellowship continue on their sacred quest to destroy the One Ring--but on separate paths. Their destinies lie at two towers--Orthanc Tower in Isengard, where the corrupt wizard Saruman awaits, and Sauron's fortress at Barad-dur, deep within the dark lands of Mordor. Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along, nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

The Fantastic 4: First Steps(2025),PG-13. Overview:Against the vibrant backdrop of a 1960s-inspired, retro-futuristic world, Marvel's First Family is forced to balance their roles as heroes with the strength of their family bond, while defending Earth from a ravenous space god called Galactus and his enigmatic Herald, Silver Surfer..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure, Action.

Your Name.(2016),PG-13. Overview:High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night, they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki’s body, and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly, and the two must adjust their lives around each other..Genres: Animation, Romance, Drama.

The Lion King(1994),PG-13. Overview:Young lion prince Simba, eager to one day become king of the Pride Lands, grows up under the watchful eye of his father Mufasa; all the while his villainous uncle Scar conspires to take the throne for himself. Amid betrayal and tragedy, Simba must confront his past and find his rightful place in the Circle of Life..Genres: Animation, Family, Drama.

Sonic the Hedgehog 3(2024),PG-13. Overview:Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails reunite against a powerful new adversary, Shadow, a mysterious villain with powers unlike anything they have faced before. With their abilities outmatched in every way, Team Sonic must seek out an unlikely alliance in hopes of stopping Shadow and protecting the planet..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Comedy, Family.

Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning(2025),PG-13. Overview:Ethan Hunt and team continue their search for the terrifying AI known as the Entity — which has infiltrated intelligence networks all over the globe — with the world's governments and a mysterious ghost from Hunt's past on their trail. Joined by new allies and armed with the means to shut the Entity down for good, Hunt is in a race against time to prevent the world as we know it from changing forever..Genres: Action, Thriller, Adventure.

Ballistic(2026),PG-13. Overview:When a soldier's mother discovers the bullet that killed her son in Afghanistan was made at the factory where she works, she sets out on a path of revenge against those responsible..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Apocalypto(2006),PG-13. Overview:Set in the Mayan civilization, when a man's idyllic presence is brutally disrupted by a violent invading force, he is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression where a harrowing end awaits him. Through a twist of fate and spurred by the power of his love for his woman and his family he will make a desperate break to return home and to ultimately save his way of life..Genres: Action, Drama, History.

Zootopia(2016),PG-13. Overview:Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps, the first bunny on Zootopia's police force, jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery..Genres: Animation, Adventure, Family, Comedy.

The Shrinking Man(2025),PG-13. Overview:Paul, is an ordinary man who divides his life between his shipbuilding company, his wife Elise and their daughter Mia. During a sea trip, Paul finds himself confronted with a strange, unexplained meteorological phenomenon. From then on, Paul shrinks inexorably, without science being able to explain why or be of any help to him. When, by accident, he finds himself a prisoner in his own cellar, and while he is only a few centimeters tall, he will have to fight to survive in this banal environment that has become perilous. During this experience, Paul will find himself confronted with himself, with his humanity, and will try to answer the great questions of existence..Genres: Adventure, Science Fiction.

Wildcat(2025),PG-13. Overview:An ex-black ops team reunite to pull off a desperate heist in order to save the life of their leader’s eight-year-old daughter..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Avengers: Doomsday(2026),PG-13. Overview:Beloved heroes from three distinct universes are set on a deadly collision course and face an existential threat unlike anything they've ever encountered..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Adventure.

The Mummy(1999),PG-13. Overview:Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of Hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s Egypt. It has been over three thousand years since former High Priest Imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken..Genres: Adventure, Action, Fantasy.

Spider-Man(2002),PG-13. Overview:After being bitten by a genetically altered spider at Oscorp, nerdy but endearing high school student Peter Parker is endowed with amazing powers to become the superhero known as Spider-Man..Genres: Action, Science Fiction.

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind(2004),PG-13. Overview:Joel Barish, heartbroken that his girlfriend underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory, decides to do the same. However, as he watches his memories of her fade away, he realises that he still loves her, and may be too late to correct his mistake..Genres: Science Fiction, Drama, Romance.

Back to the Future(1985),PG-13. Overview:Eighties teenager Marty McFly is accidentally sent back in time to 1955, inadvertently disrupting his parents' first meeting and attracting his mother's romantic interest. Marty must repair the damage to history by rekindling his parents' romance and - with the help of his eccentric inventor friend Doc Brown - return to 1985..Genres: Adventure, Comedy, Science Fiction.

Dune: Part Two(2024),PG-13. Overview:Follow the mythic journey of Paul Atreides as he unites with Chani and the Fremen while on a path of revenge against the conspirators who destroyed his family. Facing a choice between the love of his life and the fate of the known universe, Paul endeavors to prevent a terrible future only he can foresee..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure.

The Gorge(2025),PG-13. Overview:Two highly trained operatives grow close from a distance after being sent to guard opposite sides of a mysterious gorge. When an evil below emerges, they must work together to survive what lies within..Genres: Romance, Science Fiction, Thriller.

Do or Die(1991),PG-13. Overview:Asian crime boss Kaneshiro captures two voluptuous undercover federal agents, Donna and Nicole. But instead of liquidating them, he gives the busty duo a head start in a deadly cat-and-mouse game involving six other assassin teams. The heated action takes them from Hawaii to Las Vegas and Louisiana..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Weapons(2025),PG-13. Overview:When all but one child from the same class mysteriously vanish on the same night at exactly the same time, a community is left questioning who or what is behind their disappearance..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Lilo & Stitch(2025),PG-13. Overview:The wildly funny and touching story of a lonely Hawaiian girl and the fugitive alien who helps to mend her broken family..Genres: Family, Science Fiction, Comedy.

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets(2002),PG-13. Overview:Cars fly, trees fight back, and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry, Ron and Hermione's magical abilities and courage..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Final Destination Bloodlines(2025),PG-13. Overview:Plagued by a violent recurring nightmare, college student Stefanie heads home to track down the one person who might be able to break the cycle and save her family from the grisly demise that inevitably awaits them all..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Dhurandhar(2025),PG-13. Overview:A mysterious traveler slips into the heart of Karachi's underbelly and rises through its ranks with lethal precision, only to tear the notorious ISI-Underworld nexus apart from within..Genres: Action, Crime, Thriller.

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire(2005),PG-13. Overview:When his name emerges from the Goblet of Fire, Harry Potter becomes a competitor in a grueling battle for glory among three wizarding schools—the Triwizard Tournament. But since Harry never submitted his name for the Tournament, who did? Now Harry must confront a deadly dragon, fierce water demons, and an enchanted maze only to find himself in the cruel grasp of He Who Must Not Be Named..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

The Sheep Detectives(2026),PG-13. Overview:George is a shepherd who reads detective novels to his beloved sheep every night, assuming they can't possibly understand. But when a mysterious incident disrupts life on the farm, the sheep realize they must become the detectives. As they follow the clues and investigate human suspects, they prove that even sheep can be brilliant crime-solvers..Genres: Mystery, Crime, Comedy, Family.

The Amazing Spider-Man 2(2014),PG-13. Overview:For Peter Parker, life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves, Gwen Stacy, high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen’s father to protect her by staying away, but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain, Electro, emerges, an old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, and Peter uncovers new clues about his past..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Abot Langit(2026),PG-13. Overview:The relationship of a couple is tested when the girl’s first official flight pairs her with a confident senior pilot, jealousy and power dynamics surface in the training ground. The girl is now torn between her present relationship and new temptation she can’t resist..Genres: Romance.

Nuremberg(2025),PG-13. Overview:In postwar Germany, an American psychiatrist must determine whether Nazi prisoners are fit to go on trial for war crimes, and finds himself in a complex battle of intellect and ethics with Hermann Göring, Hitler's right-hand man..Genres: History, Drama.

Legacy of the Incas(1965),PG-13. Overview:During the 1800s, Peru's government sends 2 envoys to negotiate peace with the rebellious Incas but a treasure-hunter bandit shoots the Inca ruler and his son, leaving the 2 envoys to take the blame for it..Genres: Adventure, Western.

Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse(2023),PG-13. Overview:After reuniting with Gwen Stacy, Brooklyn’s full-time, friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is catapulted across the Multiverse, where he encounters the Spider Society, a team of Spider-People charged with protecting the Multiverse's very existence. But when the heroes clash on how to handle a new threat, Miles finds himself pitted against the other Spiders and must set out on his own to save those he loves most..Genres: Animation, Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl(2003),PG-13. Overview:When wily pirate Captain Barbossa seizes Jack Sparrow’s beloved ship, the Black Pearl, and kidnaps the governor’s daughter, Elizabeth Swann, blacksmith Will Turner reluctantly teams up with the unpredictable pirate Jack to rescue her—only to uncover a terrifying curse that turns Barbossa’s crew into the undead..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest(2006),PG-13. Overview:Captain Jack Sparrow’s got a blood debt to pay: he owes his soul to the legendary Davy Jones, ghastly Ruler of the Ocean Depths. To escape eternal servitude aboard the Flying Dutchman, ever-crafty Jack must track down the still-beating heart of Jones. But he won’t do it alone: Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann are drawn back into another one of his perilous quests—assuming they can evade execution for aiding a pirate..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

Spider-Man: Far From Home(2019),PG-13. Overview:Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Tom and Jerry: Forbidden Compass(2025),PG-13. Overview:During a chase inside a museum, Tom and Jerry find an ancient magical compass and end up being transported through time. Lost in a distant era, they will need to work together to find a way back home..Genres: Animation, Comedy, Family, Fantasy, Adventure.

Ballerina(2025),PG-13. Overview:Taking place during the events of John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum, Eve Macarro begins her training in the assassin traditions of the Ruska Roma..Genres: Action, Thriller, Crime.

From Straight A's to XXX(2017),PG-13. Overview:When a change of circumstances leaves Miriam unable to pay her college tuition, she makes a surprising decision: to start performing in adult films, using the pseudonym Belle Knox. Miriam lies to her family and her friends at school, keeping her double life a secret. But soon rumours spread and Miriam becomes the subject of vicious online attacks and unwanted attention. Miriam fights back: she talks to the media, saying her new line of work empowers her as a feminist. But her confident stand has unintended consequences. Miriam is shunned by her conservative family and her colleagues in the adult film world. One impulsive decision has quickly spiralled out of control - and Miriam's problems are just beginning..Genres: Drama, TV Movie.

The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies(2014),PG-13. Overview:Following Smaug's attack on Laketown, Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor, fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves, elves and men must unite, and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands..Genres: Action, Adventure, Fantasy.

The Wolf of Wall Street(2013),PG-13. Overview:A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street, corporate banking world and mob infiltration. Based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography..Genres: Crime, Drama, Comedy.

The Bad Guys 2(2025),PG-13. Overview:The now-reformed Bad Guys are trying (very, very hard) to be good, but instead find themselves hijacked into a high-stakes, globe-trotting heist, masterminded by a new team of criminals they never saw coming: The Bad Girls..Genres: Family, Comedy, Crime, Adventure, Animation.

Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince(2009),PG-13. Overview:As Lord Voldemort tightens his grip on both the Muggle and wizarding worlds, Hogwarts is no longer a safe haven. Harry suspects perils may even lie within the castle, but Dumbledore is more intent upon preparing him for the final battle fast approaching. Together they work to find the key to unlock Voldemorts defenses and to this end, Dumbledore recruits his old friend and colleague Horace Slughorn, whom he believes holds crucial information. Even as the decisive showdown looms, romance blossoms for Harry, Ron, Hermione and their classmates. Love is in the air, but danger lies ahead and Hogwarts may never be the same again..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Play Dead(2025),PG-13. Overview:A woman wakes up injured in a basement surrounded by corpses. To survive, she pretends to be dead while a grotesque ritual unfolds in the house above..Genres: Horror.

The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers(2002),PG-13. Overview:Frodo Baggins and the other members of the Fellowship continue on their sacred quest to destroy the One Ring--but on separate paths. Their destinies lie at two towers--Orthanc Tower in Isengard, where the corrupt wizard Saruman awaits, and Sauron's fortress at Barad-dur, deep within the dark lands of Mordor. Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along, nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

Troy(2004),PG-13. Overview:In year 1250 B.C. during the late Bronze age, two emerging nations begin to clash. Paris, the Trojan prince, convinces Helen, Queen of Sparta, to leave her husband Menelaus, and sail with him back to Troy. After Menelaus finds out that his wife was taken by the Trojans, he asks his brother Agamemnon to help him get her back. Agamemnon sees this as an opportunity for power. They set off with 1,000 ships holding 50,000 Greeks to Troy..Genres: War, Action, History.

Cold Storage(2026),PG-13. Overview:When a mutating, highly contagious fungus escapes a sealed facility, two employees – joined by a grizzled bioterror operative – must survive the wildest night shift ever to save humanity from extinction..Genres: Horror, Science Fiction, Comedy.

It(2017),PG-13. Overview:In a small town in Maine, seven children known as The Losers Club come face to face with life problems, bullies and a monster that takes the shape of a clown called Pennywise..Genres: Horror, Thriller, Drama.

Ballistic(2026),PG-13. Overview:When a soldier's mother discovers the bullet that killed her son in Afghanistan was made at the factory where she works, she sets out on a path of revenge against those responsible..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Ballerina(2025),PG-13. Overview:Taking place during the events of John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum, Eve Macarro begins her training in the assassin traditions of the Ruska Roma..Genres: Action, Thriller, Crime.

TRON: Ares(2025),PG-13. Overview:A highly sophisticated Program called Ares is sent from the digital world into the real world on a dangerous mission, marking humankind's first encounter with A.I. beings..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure, Action.

The Long Walk(2025),PG-13. Overview:In a dystopian 1970s America, fifty teenage boys take part in a deadly annual walking contest, forced to maintain a minimum pace or be executed, until only one survivor remains..Genres: Science Fiction, Thriller, Horror.

Gone Girl(2014),PG-13. Overview:With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent..Genres: Mystery, Thriller, Drama.

Fifty Shades of Grey(2015),PG-13. Overview:When college senior Anastasia Steele steps in for her sick roommate to interview prominent businessman Christian Grey for their campus paper, little does she realize the path her life will take. Christian, as enigmatic as he is rich and powerful, finds himself strangely drawn to Ana, and she to him. Though sexually inexperienced, Ana plunges headlong into an affair -- and learns that Christian's true sexual proclivities push the boundaries of pain and pleasure..Genres: Drama, Romance, Thriller.

Spider-Man: Far From Home(2019),PG-13. Overview:Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban(2004),PG-13. Overview:Year three at Hogwarts means new fun and challenges as Harry learns the delicate art of approaching a Hippogriff, transforming shape-shifting Boggarts into hilarity and even turning back time. But the term also brings danger: soul-sucking Dementors hover over the school, an ally of the accursed He-Who-Cannot-Be-Named lurks within the castle walls, and fearsome wizard Sirius Black escapes Azkaban. And Harry will confront them all..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2(2011),PG-13. Overview:Harry, Ron and Hermione continue their quest to vanquish the evil Voldemort once and for all. Just as things begin to look hopeless for the young wizards, Harry discovers a trio of magical objects that endow him with powers to rival Voldemort's formidable skills..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Big Hero 6(2014),PG-13. Overview:A special bond develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes..Genres: Adventure, Family, Animation, Action, Comedy.

Twilight(2008),PG-13. Overview:When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest, she falls in love with Edward Cullen, a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire. Despite Edward's repeated cautions, Bella can't stay away from him, a fatal move that endangers her own life..Genres: Fantasy, Drama, Romance.

The Gorge(2025),PG-13. Overview:Two highly trained operatives grow close from a distance after being sent to guard opposite sides of a mysterious gorge. When an evil below emerges, they must work together to survive what lies within..Genres: Romance, Science Fiction, Thriller.

Arrival(2016),PG-13. Overview:Taking place after alien crafts land around the world, an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat..Genres: Drama, Science Fiction, Mystery.

A Perfect Ending(2012),PG-13. Overview:This intimate drama follows Rebecca, a woman who has kept her sexuality a secret from her friends but chooses to reveal it to a stranger. While Rebecca's revelations may not yield the results she expects, a perfect ending is still in reach..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Weapons(2025),PG-13. Overview:When all but one child from the same class mysteriously vanish on the same night at exactly the same time, a community is left questioning who or what is behind their disappearance..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets(2002),PG-13. Overview:Cars fly, trees fight back, and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry, Ron and Hermione's magical abilities and courage..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Cold Storage(2026),PG-13. Overview:When a mutating, highly contagious fungus escapes a sealed facility, two employees – joined by a grizzled bioterror operative – must survive the wildest night shift ever to save humanity from extinction..Genres: Horror, Science Fiction, Comedy.

Shutter Island(2010),PG-13. Overview:World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by troubling visions and a mysterious doctor..Genres: Drama, Thriller, Mystery.

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire(2005),PG-13. Overview:When his name emerges from the Goblet of Fire, Harry Potter becomes a competitor in a grueling battle for glory among three wizarding schools—the Triwizard Tournament. But since Harry never submitted his name for the Tournament, who did? Now Harry must confront a deadly dragon, fierce water demons, and an enchanted maze only to find himself in the cruel grasp of He Who Must Not Be Named..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Mortal Kombat II(2026),PG-13. Overview:The fan favorite champions—now joined by Johnny Cage himself—are pitted against one another in the ultimate, no-holds barred, gory battle to defeat the dark rule of Shao Kahn that threatens the very existence of the Earthrealm and its defenders..Genres: Action, Fantasy, Adventure.

GoodFellas(1990),PG-13. Overview:The true story of Henry Hill, a half-Irish, half-Sicilian Brooklyn kid who is adopted by neighbourhood gangsters at an early age and climbs the ranks of a Mafia family under the guidance of Jimmy Conway..Genres: Drama, Crime.

Iron Man 3(2013),PG-13. Overview:When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Triple Crossed(2013),PG-13. Overview:With a tour in Afghanistan behind him, war-torn Chris Jensen struggles to assimilate back to life in California. Drifting and living out of his car, he soon discovers that few are willing to deal with the remnants of a damaged career military man. Chris is self medicating; desperate to silence the echoes from the front lines. When an opportunity finally presents itself, he makes the hard decision to employ his most coveted talents honed in special ops. A job is a job and Chris knows civilian life can be just as cut-throat as time on active duty. But just how close does he have to get to Andrew Warner to secure the kill?.Genres: Mystery.

Border 2(2026),PG-13. Overview:Three idealistic soldiers in the Indian army, navy and air force face grueling combat conditions in this film set during the 1971 Indo-Pak war..Genres: Action, Drama, War.

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2(2011),PG-13. Overview:Harry, Ron and Hermione continue their quest to vanquish the evil Voldemort once and for all. Just as things begin to look hopeless for the young wizards, Harry discovers a trio of magical objects that endow him with powers to rival Voldemort's formidable skills..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Spider-Man 3(2007),PG-13. Overview:The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains—including the shape-shifting Sandman. While Spider-Man’s superpowers are altered by an alien organism, his alter ego, Peter Parker, deals with nemesis Eddie Brock and also gets caught up in a love triangle..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Vanaveera(2026),PG-13. Overview:A descendant of the Vanara clan is pushed into conflict when a modern-day Ravana seizes his only bike for an election rally. What starts as a petty injustice soon erupts into a fierce fight for self-respect and dignity..Genres: Action, Drama.

Scarface(1983),PG-13. Overview:After getting a green card in exchange for assassinating a Cuban government official, Tony Montana stakes a claim on the drug trade in Miami. Viciously murdering anyone who stands in his way, Tony eventually becomes the biggest drug lord in the state, controlling nearly all the cocaine that comes through Miami. But increased pressure from the police, wars with Colombian drug cartels and his own drug-fueled paranoia serve to fuel the flames of his eventual downfall..Genres: Action, Crime, Drama.

Normal(2026),PG-13. Overview:Interim sheriff Ulysses, called to the snowbound town of Normal, MN, uncovers an international criminal conspiracy at the heart of the seemingly quaint whistle-stop when he comes to the aid of a bank-robbing couple caught up in a deadly mess..Genres: Action, Crime, Thriller.

Oldboy(2003),PG-13. Overview:With no clue how he came to be imprisoned, drugged and tortured for 15 years, a desperate man seeks revenge on his captors..Genres: Drama, Thriller, Mystery, Action.

Predator(1987),PG-13. Overview:A team of elite commandos on a secret mission in a Central American jungle come to find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior..Genres: Science Fiction, Action, Adventure, Thriller.

Blades of the Guardians: Wind Rises in the Desert(2026),PG-13. Overview:Dao Ma, the "second most wanted fugitive," is entrusted by his benefactor, the chief of Mo family clan, to take on a mysterious escort mission-escorting the "most wanted fugitive" to Chang'an..Genres: Action, Drama, History.

Shutter Island(2010),PG-13. Overview:World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by troubling visions and a mysterious doctor..Genres: Drama, Thriller, Mystery.

Léon: The Professional(1994),PG-13. Overview:Léon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a rep as an effective "cleaner". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long, Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in Léon's footsteps..Genres: Crime, Drama, Action.

Greenland(2020),PG-13. Overview:John Garrity, his estranged wife and their young son embark on a perilous journey to find sanctuary as a planet-killing comet hurtles toward Earth. Amid terrifying accounts of cities getting levelled, the Garritys experience the best and worst in humanity. As the countdown to the global apocalypse approaches zero, their incredible trek culminates in a desperate and last-minute flight to a possible safe haven..Genres: Action, Adventure, Thriller, Science Fiction.

World War Z(2013),PG-13. Overview:Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls..Genres: Action, Horror, Science Fiction, Thriller.

Captain America: Civil War(2016),PG-13. Overview:Following the events of Age of Ultron, the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers, causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America, which causes an epic battle between former allies..Genres: Adventure, Action, Science Fiction.

How to Be Single(2016),PG-13. Overview:New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match, and what Alice, Robin, Lucy, Meg, Tom and David all have in common is the need to learn how to be single in a world filled with ever-evolving definitions of love..Genres: Comedy, Romance.

Exploits of a Young Don Juan(1986),PG-13. Overview:In 1914, sixteen year old Roger returned home from boarding school during vacation to find his puberty hit hard in a house filled with beautiful women. These women have previous engagements with other men who are away, and during this time, Roger impregnates them all, including his aunt and sister, then devises plans to cuckold the men..Genres: Comedy, Drama.

The Amazing Spider-Man(2012),PG-13. Overview:Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance – leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors, his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Monkey Man(2024),PG-13. Overview:Kid is an anonymous young man who ekes out a meager living in an underground fight club where, night after night, wearing a gorilla mask, he is beaten bloody by more popular fighters for cash. After years of suppressed rage, Kid discovers a way to infiltrate the enclave of the city’s sinister elite. As his childhood trauma boils over, his mysteriously scarred hands unleash an explosive campaign of retribution to settle the score with the men who took everything from him..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Aquaman(2018),PG-13. Overview:Half-human, half-Atlantean Arthur Curry is taken on the journey of his lifetime to discover if he is worth of being a king..Genres: Action, Adventure, Fantasy.

Hacksaw Ridge(2016),PG-13. Overview:WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people and becomes the first Conscientious Objector in American history to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor..Genres: Drama, History, War.

Oldboy(2003),PG-13. Overview:With no clue how he came to be imprisoned, drugged and tortured for 15 years, a desperate man seeks revenge on his captors..Genres: Drama, Thriller, Mystery, Action.

State of Fear(2026),PG-13. Overview:As São Paulo erupts in an unprecedented wave of violence, a lawyer with underworld ties must strike a deal with the police to rescue her kidnapped niece..Genres: Action, Thriller, Crime, Drama.

Midnight Matinee(1988),PG-13. Overview:Even though a devastating murder took place during a small town's horror film festival two years earlier, townspeople want another festival..Genres: Horror, Mystery, Thriller, TV Movie.

Puss in Boots: The Last Wish(2022),PG-13. Overview:Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: He has burned through eight of his nine lives, leaving him with only one life left. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives..Genres: Animation, Adventure, Fantasy, Comedy, Family.

Girl, Interrupted(1999),PG-13. Overview:Set in the changing world of the late 1960s, Susanna Kaysen's prescribed "short rest" from a psychiatrist she had met only once becomes a strange, unknown journey into Alice's Wonderland, where she struggles with the thin line between normal and crazy. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she has been committed, and she ultimately has to choose between the world of people who belong inside or the difficult world of reality outside..Genres: Drama.

The Lion King(1994),PG-13. Overview:Young lion prince Simba, eager to one day become king of the Pride Lands, grows up under the watchful eye of his father Mufasa; all the while his villainous uncle Scar conspires to take the throne for himself. Amid betrayal and tragedy, Simba must confront his past and find his rightful place in the Circle of Life..Genres: Animation, Family, Drama.

The Substance(2024),PG-13. Overview:A fading celebrity decides to use a black market drug, a cell-replicating substance that temporarily creates a younger, better version of herself..Genres: Horror, Science Fiction, Drama.

The Terminator(1984),PG-13. Overview:In the post-apocalyptic future, reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the "Terminator" back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. Meanwhile, the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah. Can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine?.Genres: Action, Thriller, Science Fiction.

Dead Poets Society(1989),PG-13. Overview:At an elite, old-fashioned boarding school in New England, a passionate English teacher inspires his students to rebel against convention and seize the potential of every day, courting the disdain of the stern headmaster..Genres: Drama.

Agent Zeta(2026),PG-13. Overview:Four Spanish ex-intelligence officers are assassinated simultaneously worldwide. The CNI discovers all participated in the covert "Operation Ciénaga" decades ago in Colombia. Zeta, the CNI's best operative, must hunt and protect the sole survivor, facing his deadliest global mission yet. Top Colombian agent Alfa will join Zeta, seemingly knowing more about "Ciénaga"'s secrets than him..Genres: Drama, Thriller.

Gladiator(2000),PG-13. Overview:After the death of Emperor Marcus Aurelius, his devious son takes power and demotes Maximus, one of Rome's most capable generals who Marcus preferred. Eventually, Maximus is forced to become a gladiator and battle to the death against other men for the amusement of paying audiences..Genres: Action, Drama, Adventure.

12 Angry Men(1957),PG-13. Overview:The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other..Genres: Drama.

Fifty Shades Freed(2018),PG-13. Overview:Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins..Genres: Drama, Romance.

M3GAN 2.0(2025),PG-13. Overview:After the underlying tech for M3GAN is stolen and misused by a powerful defense contractor to create a military-grade weapon known as Amelia, M3GAN's creator Gemma realizes that the only option is to resurrect M3GAN and give her a few upgrades, making her faster, stronger, and more lethal..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Thriller.

The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe(2005),PG-13. Overview:Siblings Lucy, Edmund, Susan and Peter step through a magical wardrobe and find the land of Narnia. There, they discover a charming, once peaceful kingdom that has been plunged into eternal winter by the evil White Witch, Jadis. Aided by the wise and magnificent lion, Aslan, the children lead Narnia into a spectacular, climactic battle to be free of the Witch's glacial powers forever..Genres: Adventure, Family, Fantasy.

The Notebook(2004),PG-13. Overview:An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook, the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II, and is then passionately reunited, seven years later, after they have taken different paths..Genres: Romance, Drama.

The Notebook(2004),PG-13. Overview:An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook, the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II, and is then passionately reunited, seven years later, after they have taken different paths..Genres: Romance, Drama.

The Truman Show(1998),PG-13. Overview:In a picture-perfect seaside town, an insurance salesman begins to realize that his entire existence may be staged and observed by a vast unseen audience as part of a reality TV show..Genres: Comedy, Drama.

The Martian(2015),PG-13. Overview:During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive..Genres: Science Fiction, Drama, Adventure.

I Swear(2025),PG-13. Overview:Diagnosed with Tourette Syndrome at 15, John Davidson navigates his way against the odds through troubled teenage years and into adulthood, finding inspiration in the kindness of others to discover his true purpose in life..Genres: Drama, History.

Closer(2004),PG-13. Overview:The relationships of two couples become complicated and deceitful when the man from one couple meets the woman of the other..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Real Steel(2011),PG-13. Overview:Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Drama.

The Secret Life of Pets 2(2019),PG-13. Overview:Max the terrier must cope with some major life changes when his owner gets married and has a baby. When the family takes a trip to the countryside, nervous Max has numerous run-ins with canine-intolerant cows, hostile foxes and a scary turkey. Luckily for Max, he soon catches a break when he meets Rooster, a gruff farm dog who tries to cure the lovable pooch of his neuroses..Genres: Family, Comedy, Adventure, Animation.

WALL·E(2008),PG-13. Overview:After hundreds of years doing what he was built for, WALL•E— a robot designed to clean up the earth—discovers a new purpose in life when he meets a sleek search robot named EVE. EVE comes to realize that WALL•E has inadvertently stumbled upon the key to the planet's future, and races back to space to report to the humans. Meanwhile, WALL•E chases EVE across the galaxy and sets into motion one of the most imaginative adventures ever brought to the big screen..Genres: Animation, Family, Science Fiction.

After Porn Ends 2(2017),PG-13. Overview:After Porn Ends 2 picks up where its predecessor left off and not only turns back the clock to meet the oldest living stars in adult film's history, but goes in depth with some of Its most current retirees and juxtaposes their experiences in a life after porn. Delving deeper into society's ongoing stigmas of race, misogyny, and the reality of decreasing opportunities for these former VHS box cover stars. For some, their careers in adult entertainment is accepted proudly and without regret. In fact, it seems to have proven to be the pathway to their current happiness and inner peace. For others, however, a career in porn has proven to be a conduit to certain despair as they struggle to find a way to bury their past and emerge with a new career or calling..Genres: Documentary.

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1(2010),PG-13. Overview:Harry, Ron and Hermione walk away from their last year at Hogwarts to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes, putting an end to Voldemort's bid for immortality. But with Harry's beloved Dumbledore dead and Voldemort's unscrupulous Death Eaters on the loose, the world is more dangerous than ever..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

The Emoji Movie(2017),PG-13. Overview:Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji..Genres: Animation, Family, Comedy.

The Beekeeper(2024),PG-13. Overview:One man's campaign for vengeance takes on national stakes after he is revealed to be a former operative of a powerful and clandestine organization known as Beekeepers..Genres: Action, Crime, Thriller.

Fast X(2023),PG-13. Overview:Over many missions and against impossible odds, Dom Toretto and his family have outsmarted, out-nerved and outdriven every foe in their path. Now, they confront the most lethal opponent they've ever faced: A terrifying threat emerging from the shadows of the past who's fueled by blood revenge, and who is determined to shatter this family and destroy everything—and everyone—that Dom loves, forever..Genres: Action, Crime, Thriller.

Raiders of the Lost Ark(1981),PG-13. Overview:When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant, he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime..Genres: Adventure, Action.

Scream(1996),PG-13. Overview:A year after the murder of her mother, a teenage girl is terrorized by a masked killer who targets her and her friends by using scary movies as part of a deadly game..Genres: Crime, Horror, Mystery.

Sisu: Road to Revenge(2025),PG-13. Overview:Returning to the house where his family was brutally murdered during the war, "the man who refuses to die" dismantles it, loads it on a truck, and is determined to rebuild it somewhere safe in their honor. When the commander who killed his family comes back hellbent on finishing the job, a relentless, eye-popping cross-country chase ensues..Genres: Action, War.

Fury(2014),PG-13. Overview:April, 1945. As the Allies make their final push in the European Theatre, a battle-hardened army sergeant named Wardaddy commands a Sherman tank and her five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered and outgunned, and with a rookie soldier thrust into their platoon, Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany..Genres: War, Drama, Action.

Deadpool(2016),PG-13. Overview:The origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who, after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark, twisted sense of humor, Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life..Genres: Action, Adventure, Comedy.

The Naked Gun(2025),PG-13. Overview:Only one man has the particular set of skills... to lead Police Squad and save the world: Lt. Frank Drebin Jr. Following in his father's footsteps, he must solve a murder case to prevent Police Squad from closure..Genres: Action, Comedy, Crime.

Road House(2024),PG-13. Overview:Ex-UFC fighter Dalton takes a job as a bouncer at a Florida Keys roadhouse, only to discover that this paradise is not all it seems..Genres: Action, Thriller, Drama.

Regretting You(2025),PG-13. Overview:Morgan Grant and her daughter Clara explore what's left behind after a devastating accident reveals a shocking betrayal and forces them to confront family secrets, redefine love, and rediscover each other..Genres: Romance, Drama.

Heat(1995),PG-13. Overview:Obsessive master thief Neil McCauley leads a top-notch crew on various daring heists throughout Los Angeles while determined detective Vincent Hanna pursues him without rest. Each man recognizes and respects the ability and the dedication of the other even though they are aware their cat-and-mouse game may end in violence..Genres: Crime, Drama, Action.

Fall(2022),PG-13. Overview:For best friends Becky and Hunter, life is all about conquering fears and pushing limits. But after they climb 2,000 feet to the top of a remote, abandoned radio tower, they find themselves stranded with no way down. Now Becky and Hunter's expert climbing skills will be put to the ultimate test as they desperately fight to survive the elements, a lack of supplies, and vertigo-inducing heights..Genres: Thriller.

Midnight Matinee(1988),PG-13. Overview:Even though a devastating murder took place during a small town's horror film festival two years earlier, townspeople want another festival..Genres: Horror, Mystery, Thriller, TV Movie.

Scream(2022),PG-13. Overview:Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, a new killer has donned the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town’s deadly past..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Rubbers(2010),PG-13. Overview:This psychological film follows for several days a very shy young adult woman, a loner with a good heart, who has the misfortune of growing up with obsessional attraction to rubber clothing, the attraction that potentially could make her a target for social rejection. She carefully conceals from her co-workers in a food factory the fact she wears such undergarments. One day an attractive male co-worker befriends her. When they get close in her apartment he indeed reacts to her rubber fetish with rejection. But they resume dating and now strive to meet each other's need for an intimate friendship..Genres: Drama.

Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness(2022),PG-13. Overview:Doctor Strange, with the help of mystical allies both old and new, traverses the mind-bending and dangerous alternate realities of the Multiverse to confront a mysterious new adversary..Genres: Fantasy, Action, Adventure.

Kingdom of Heaven(2005),PG-13. Overview:After his wife dies, a blacksmith named Balian is thrust into royalty, political intrigue and bloody holy wars during the Crusades..Genres: Drama, Action, Adventure, History, War.

12 Angry Men(1957),PG-13. Overview:The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other..Genres: Drama.

Girl, Interrupted(1999),PG-13. Overview:Set in the changing world of the late 1960s, Susanna Kaysen's prescribed "short rest" from a psychiatrist she had met only once becomes a strange, unknown journey into Alice's Wonderland, where she struggles with the thin line between normal and crazy. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she has been committed, and she ultimately has to choose between the world of people who belong inside or the difficult world of reality outside..Genres: Drama.

The Terminator(1984),PG-13. Overview:In the post-apocalyptic future, reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the "Terminator" back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. Meanwhile, the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah. Can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine?.Genres: Action, Thriller, Science Fiction.

Ratatouille(2007),PG-13. Overview:Remy, a rat, possesses a palate far more refined than that of his fellow comrades. He dreams of becoming a chef, one who creates rather than scavenges. When fate deposits him in the sewers beneath one of Paris’s most famous restaurants, he finds himself ideally placed to fulfill his dream. Forming an unusual alliance with a hapless young kitchen worker, Remy begins a daring culinary double life.  As Remy pursues his vision, must navigate the suspicions of the calculating Head Chef Skinner, the disapproval of Remy’s own colony, and the foreboding prescence of renowned food critic Anton Ego, who strikes fear in the hearts of chefs all throughout France..Genres: Animation, Comedy, Family, Fantasy.

The Substance(2024),PG-13. Overview:A fading celebrity decides to use a black market drug, a cell-replicating substance that temporarily creates a younger, better version of herself..Genres: Horror, Science Fiction, Drama.

Agent Zeta(2026),PG-13. Overview:Four Spanish ex-intelligence officers are assassinated simultaneously worldwide. The CNI discovers all participated in the covert "Operation Ciénaga" decades ago in Colombia. Zeta, the CNI's best operative, must hunt and protect the sole survivor, facing his deadliest global mission yet. Top Colombian agent Alfa will join Zeta, seemingly knowing more about "Ciénaga"'s secrets than him..Genres: Drama, Thriller.

The Notebook(2004),PG-13. Overview:An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook, the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II, and is then passionately reunited, seven years later, after they have taken different paths..Genres: Romance, Drama.

The Mummy Returns(2001),PG-13. Overview:Rick and Evelyn O’Connell, along with their 8-year-old son Alex, discover the key to the legendary Scorpion King’s might: the fabled Bracelet of Anubis. Unfortunately, a newly resurrected Imhotep has designs on the bracelet as well, and isn’t above kidnapping its new bearer, Alex, to gain control of Anubis’s otherworldly army..Genres: Adventure, Action, Fantasy.

Inglourious Basterds(2009),PG-13. Overview:In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a group of Jewish-American soldiers known as "The Basterds" are chosen specifically to spread fear throughout the Third Reich by scalping and brutally killing Nazis. The Basterds, lead by Lt. Aldo Raine soon cross paths with a French-Jewish teenage girl who runs a movie theater in Paris which is targeted by the soldiers..Genres: Drama, Thriller, War.

Trading Places(1983),PG-13. Overview:A snobbish investor and a wily street con-artist find their positions reversed as part of a bet by two callous millionaires..Genres: Comedy.

The Truman Show(1998),PG-13. Overview:In a picture-perfect seaside town, an insurance salesman begins to realize that his entire existence may be staged and observed by a vast unseen audience as part of a reality TV show..Genres: Comedy, Drama.

Wicked: For Good(2025),PG-13. Overview:As an angry mob rises against the Wicked Witch, Glinda and Elphaba will need to come together one final time. With their singular friendship now the fulcrum of their futures, they will need to truly see each other, with honesty and empathy, if they are to change themselves, and all of Oz, for good..Genres: Fantasy, Adventure, Romance.

The Conjuring(2013),PG-13. Overview:Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity, the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

Psycho(1960),PG-13. Overview:When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life, she ends up at the notorious Bates Motel, where manager Norman Bates cares for his housebound mother..Genres: Horror, Thriller, Mystery.

Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness(2022),PG-13. Overview:Doctor Strange, with the help of mystical allies both old and new, traverses the mind-bending and dangerous alternate realities of the Multiverse to confront a mysterious new adversary..Genres: Fantasy, Action, Adventure.

Ratatouille(2007),PG-13. Overview:Remy, a rat, possesses a palate far more refined than that of his fellow comrades. He dreams of becoming a chef, one who creates rather than scavenges. When fate deposits him in the sewers beneath one of Paris’s most famous restaurants, he finds himself ideally placed to fulfill his dream. Forming an unusual alliance with a hapless young kitchen worker, Remy begins a daring culinary double life.  As Remy pursues his vision, must navigate the suspicions of the calculating Head Chef Skinner, the disapproval of Remy’s own colony, and the foreboding prescence of renowned food critic Anton Ego, who strikes fear in the hearts of chefs all throughout France..Genres: Animation, Comedy, Family, Fantasy.

Nobody 2(2025),PG-13. Overview:Former assassin Hutch Mansell takes his family on a nostalgic vacation to a small-town theme park, only to be pulled back into violence when they clash with a corrupt operator, a crooked sheriff, and a ruthless crime boss..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End(2007),PG-13. Overview:After losing Captain Jack Sparrow to the locker of Davy Jones, Will Turner, Elizabeth Swann, and Captain Barbossa journey to the ends of the earth to rescue him. And as the East India Trading Company tightens its grip on the seas under Lord Cutler Beckett—now in control of Davy Jones—the fate of piracy hangs by a thread. Now, they must unite the pirate lords for one final stand. But as loyalties are tested and alliances shift, each must ultimately choose where they stand in the battle for freedom on the high seas..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

Lolita(1997),PG-13. Overview:Humbert Humbert is a middle-aged British novelist who is both appalled by and attracted to the vulgarity of American culture. When he comes to stay at the boarding house run by Charlotte Haze, he soon becomes obsessed with Lolita, the woman's teenaged daughter..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Van Helsing(2004),PG-13. Overview:Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing is dispatched to Transylvania to assist the last of the Valerious bloodline in defeating Count Dracula. Anna Valerious reveals that Dracula has formed an unholy alliance with Dr. Frankenstein's monster and is hell-bent on exacting a centuries-old curse on her family..Genres: Horror, Adventure, Action.

Wicked: For Good(2025),PG-13. Overview:As an angry mob rises against the Wicked Witch, Glinda and Elphaba will need to come together one final time. With their singular friendship now the fulcrum of their futures, they will need to truly see each other, with honesty and empathy, if they are to change themselves, and all of Oz, for good..Genres: Fantasy, Adventure, Romance.

Inglourious Basterds(2009),PG-13. Overview:In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a group of Jewish-American soldiers known as "The Basterds" are chosen specifically to spread fear throughout the Third Reich by scalping and brutally killing Nazis. The Basterds, lead by Lt. Aldo Raine soon cross paths with a French-Jewish teenage girl who runs a movie theater in Paris which is targeted by the soldiers..Genres: Drama, Thriller, War.

Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2(2017),PG-13. Overview:The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure, Action.

Maalai Nera Malipoo(2023),PG-13. Overview:The movie is about how the global pandemic forces a prostitute to change her medium of work onto a digital platform and how her relationship with her son is affected.Genres: Drama.

L.E.T.H.A.L. Ladies: Return to Savage Beach(1998),PG-13. Overview:A stolen computer disk contains the location of a hidden tresaure trove. It's up to the sexy ladies of LETHAL (Legion to Ensure Total Harmony and Law) to find the treasure before the bad guys do..Genres: Action, Thriller.

Regretting You(2025),PG-13. Overview:Morgan Grant and her daughter Clara explore what's left behind after a devastating accident reveals a shocking betrayal and forces them to confront family secrets, redefine love, and rediscover each other..Genres: Romance, Drama.

Kraven the Hunter(2024),PG-13. Overview:Kraven Kravinoff's complex relationship with his ruthless gangster father, Nikolai, starts him down a path of vengeance with brutal consequences, motivating him to become not only the greatest hunter in the world, but also one of its most feared..Genres: Action, Adventure, Thriller.

Scary Movie(2000),PG-13. Overview:A familiar-looking group of teenagers find themselves being stalked by a more-than-vaguely recognizable masked killer! As the victims begin to pile up and the laughs pile on, none of your favorite scary movies escape the razor-sharp satire of this outrageously funny parody!.Genres: Comedy.

Feel My Voice(2026),PG-13. Overview:A teenager, the only hearing member of a deaf family, finds her voice and learns to believe in herself through her passion for singing..Genres: Music, Drama, Comedy.

The Prestige(2006),PG-13. Overview:A mysterious story of two magicians whose intense rivalry leads them on a life-long battle for supremacy -- full of obsession, deceit and jealousy with dangerous and deadly consequences..Genres: Drama, Mystery, Science Fiction.

18th Rose(2026),PG-13. Overview:A spirited teen dreaming of the perfect debut makes a deal with a lonely newcomer, but unexpected feelings and revelations may shatter their plans..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Malena(2000),PG-13. Overview:12-year-old Renato experiences three significant events on the same day: the beginning of the Second World War, getting a bike, and witnessing the arrival of the gorgeous Malèna. Through his eyes, we see the curse of beauty and loneliness of Malena, whose husband is presumed dead, and, through his soul, we see his love for her..Genres: Drama.

The Voice of Hind Rajab(2025),PG-13. Overview:January 29, 2024. Red Crescent volunteers receive an emergency call. A five-year old girl is trapped in a car under fire in Gaza, pleading for rescue. While trying to keep her on the line, they do everything they can to get an ambulance to her. Her name was Hind Rajab..Genres: Drama.

Teddy's Christmas(2022),PG-13. Overview:While visiting a Christmas market in her Norwegian town, eight year old Mariann spots a talking teddy bear at a carnival game booth. However, when someone else wins it, she embarks on a quest to find the adorable bear that captured her heart..Genres: Family, Adventure, Fantasy.

Arrival(2016),PG-13. Overview:Taking place after alien crafts land around the world, an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat..Genres: Drama, Science Fiction, Mystery.

Gone Girl(2014),PG-13. Overview:With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent..Genres: Mystery, Thriller, Drama.

Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides(2011),PG-13. Overview:When Jack crosses paths with a woman from his past, he's not sure if it's love...or if she's a ruthless con artist using him to find the fabled Fountain of Youth..Genres: Adventure, Action, Fantasy.

The Good Dinosaur(2015),PG-13. Overview:An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend..Genres: Adventure, Animation, Family.

Crazy Underwear(1992),PG-13. Overview:Alessia, a TV showgirl, tries to win the favor of an official. Amalia, a morning show host, satisfies the masochistic director in order to go to prime time. Stefania "works hard" to act in a risqué film by a famous director, but the part is stolen from her by her friend Beatrice, apparently only devoted to her studies..Genres: Comedy.

Tangled(2010),PG-13. Overview:Feisty teenager Rapunzel, who has long and magical hair, wants to go and see sky lanterns on her eighteenth birthday, but she's bound to a tower by her overprotective mother. She strikes a deal with Flynn Rider, a charming wanted thief, and the duo set off on an action-packed escapade..Genres: Animation, Family, Adventure.

Insidious: Out of the Further(2026),PG-13. Overview:A trio of stalkers infiltrate a quiet suburb and force a new family into the astral plane, where they uncover a terrifying truth: the Further is bleeding into the real world..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

Scream(2022),PG-13. Overview:Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, a new killer has donned the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town’s deadly past..Genres: Horror, Mystery.

Babygirl(2024),PG-13. Overview:A high-powered CEO puts her career and family on the line when she begins a torrid affair with her much younger intern..Genres: Romance, Thriller.

Love Lesson(2013),PG-13. Overview:Korea's most popular song writer Hee-soo runs into a nineteen-year-old boy in the elevator. Hee-soo is inspired by a new song watching him shake at her figure. She starts to tell him about women under the excuse that she's teaching him music. They fall for each other but things get complicated when her life teacher, Joon-ho who taught her about life and music comes back..Genres: Romance, Drama, Comedy.

The Red Line(2026),PG-13. Overview:Three women fall prey to a ruthless phone scam. To settle the score, they'll take on the criminal network that stole their money — and their dignity..Genres: Thriller, Crime, Drama.

Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3(2023),PG-13. Overview:Peter Quill, still reeling from the loss of Gamora, must rally his team around him to defend the universe along with protecting one of their own. A mission that, if not completed successfully, could quite possibly lead to the end of the Guardians as we know them..Genres: Science Fiction, Adventure, Action.

A Serbian Film(2010),PG-13. Overview:Retired porn star Milos leads a normal family life trying to make ends meet. Presented with the opportunity of a lifetime to financially support his family for the rest of their lives, Milos must participate in one last mysterious film. From then on, Milos is drawn into a maelstrom of unbelievable cruelty and mayhem..Genres: Crime, Horror, Thriller.

Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga(2024),PG-13. Overview:As the world falls, young Furiosa is snatched from the Green Place of Many Mothers into the hands of a great biker horde led by the warlord Dementus. Sweeping through the wasteland, they encounter the citadel presided over by Immortan Joe. The two tyrants wage war for dominance, and Furiosa must survive many trials as she puts together the means to find her way home..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Adventure.

The Equalizer 3(2023),PG-13. Overview:Robert McCall finds himself at home in Southern Italy but he discovers his friends are under the control of local crime bosses. As events turn deadly, McCall knows what he has to do: become his friends' protector by taking on the mafia..Genres: Action, Thriller, Crime.

Elio(2025),PG-13. Overview:Elio, a space fanatic with an active imagination, finds himself on a cosmic misadventure where he must form new bonds with eccentric alien lifeforms, navigate a crisis of intergalactic proportions and somehow discover who he is truly meant to be..Genres: Animation, Family, Science Fiction, Adventure, Comedy.

The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes(2023),PG-13. Overview:64 years before he becomes the tyrannical president of Panem, Coriolanus Snow sees a chance for a change in fortunes when he mentors Lucy Gray Baird, the female tribute from District 12..Genres: Science Fiction, Action.

Thunderbolts*(2025),PG-13. Overview:After finding themselves ensnared in a death trap, seven disillusioned castoffs must embark on a dangerous mission that will force them to confront the darkest corners of their pasts..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Adventure.

The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes(2023),PG-13. Overview:64 years before he becomes the tyrannical president of Panem, Coriolanus Snow sees a chance for a change in fortunes when he mentors Lucy Gray Baird, the female tribute from District 12..Genres: Science Fiction, Action.

Thunderbolts*(2025),PG-13. Overview:After finding themselves ensnared in a death trap, seven disillusioned castoffs must embark on a dangerous mission that will force them to confront the darkest corners of their pasts..Genres: Action, Science Fiction, Adventure.

Female Workers: Romance at Work 3(2023),PG-13. Overview:Yoo-ra succeeded in finding a job after a difficult time. Despite her stunning beauty, her family's financial situation is difficult. Her male assistant manager knows of her difficult situation, so he asks for her body with money as bait. On the other hand, Hye-seon, the female manager of the same company, seduces the handsome new employee, Min-soo. Employees enjoy the world of animals in the workplace without knowing each other..Genres: Romance.

Mirror(1975),PG-13. Overview:A dying man in his forties recalls his childhood, his mother, the war and personal moments that tell of and juxtapose pivotal moments in Soviet history with daily life..Genres: Drama, History.

Toy Story 2(1999),PG-13. Overview:Andy heads off to Cowboy Camp, leaving his toys to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector named Al McWhiggen, owner of Al's Toy Barn kidnaps Woody. Andy's toys mount a daring rescue mission, Buzz Lightyear meets his match and Woody has to decide where he and his heart truly belong..Genres: Animation, Comedy, Family.

The Batman(2022),PG-13. Overview:In his second year of fighting crime, Batman uncovers corruption in Gotham City that connects to his own family while facing a serial killer known as the Riddler..Genres: Crime, Mystery, Thriller.

The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey(2012),PG-13. Overview:Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy, Action.

Alien(1979),PG-13. Overview:During its return to the earth, commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. When a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet, a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. The entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed..Genres: Horror, Science Fiction.

In the Realm of the Senses(1976),PG-13. Overview:A passionate telling of the story of Sada Abe, a woman whose affair with her master led to an obsessive and ultimately destructive sexual relationship..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Star Wars: The Mandalorian and Grogu(2026),PG-13. Overview:The evil Empire has fallen, and Imperial warlords remain scattered throughout the galaxy. As the fledgling New Republic works to protect everything the Rebellion fought for, they have enlisted the help of legendary Mandalorian bounty hunter Din Djarin and his young apprentice Grogu..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

2001: A Space Odyssey(1968),PG-13. Overview:Humanity finds a mysterious object buried beneath the lunar surface and sets off to find its origins with the help of HAL 9000, the world's most advanced super computer..Genres: Science Fiction, Mystery, Adventure.

My Neighbor Totoro(1988),PG-13. Overview:Two sisters move to the country with their father in order to be closer to their hospitalized mother, and discover the surrounding trees are inhabited by Totoros, magical spirits of the forest. When the youngest runs away from home, the older sister seeks help from the spirits to find her..Genres: Fantasy, Animation, Family.

We Bury the Dead(2026),PG-13. Overview:After a catastrophic military disaster, the dead don't just rise - they hunt. Ava searches for her missing husband, but what she finds is far more terrifying..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

Mickey 17(2025),PG-13. Overview:Unlikely hero Mickey Barnes finds himself in the extraordinary circumstance of working for an employer who demands the ultimate commitment to the job… to die, for a living..Genres: Science Fiction, Comedy, Adventure.

Top Gun(1986),PG-13. Overview:For Lieutenant Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell and his friend and co-pilot Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw, being accepted into an elite training school for fighter pilots is a dream come true. But a tragedy, as well as personal demons, will threaten Pete's dreams of becoming an ace pilot..Genres: Action, Drama, Romance.

Star Wars: The Force Awakens(2015),PG-13. Overview:Thirty years after defeating the Galactic Empire, Han Solo and his allies face a new threat from the evil Kylo Ren and his army of Stormtroopers..Genres: Adventure, Action, Science Fiction.

Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire(2024),PG-13. Overview:Following their explosive showdown, Godzilla and Kong must reunite against a colossal undiscovered threat hidden within our world, challenging their very existence – and our own..Genres: Action, Adventure, Science Fiction.

Wrath of Man(2021),PG-13. Overview:A cold and mysterious new security guard for a Los Angeles cash truck company surprises his co-workers when he unleashes precision skills during a heist. The crew is left wondering who he is and where he came from. Soon, the marksman's ultimate motive becomes clear as he takes dramatic and irrevocable steps to settle a score..Genres: Thriller, Crime, Drama.

American Pie(1999),PG-13. Overview:At a high-school party, four friends find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to all "score" by their senior prom..Genres: Comedy, Romance.

Love Me Love Me(2026),PG-13. Overview:After her brother's death, June moves to Milan for a fresh start, finding comfort in Will, the perfect honor student at her new international school. But when his troubled best friend James—hiding a dangerous life in clandestine MMA fights—sparks a rivalry that quickly turns into irresistible attraction, June must choose between safety and a love that upends everything she thought she wanted..Genres: Romance, Drama.

Twinless(2025),PG-13. Overview:Two men who lost their respective twin brothers develop a growing friendship after meeting in a support group. However, both harbor long-hidden secrets that threaten to tear them apart..Genres: Comedy, Drama.

Ice Age(2002),PG-13. Overview:Manny the mammoth, Sid the loquacious sloth, and Diego the sabre-toothed tiger go on a comical quest to return a human baby back to his father, across a world on the brink of an ice age..Genres: Animation, Comedy, Family, Adventure.

Zatoichi(2003),PG-13. Overview:Blind traveler Zatoichi is a master swordsman and a masseur with a fondness for gambling on dice games. When he arrives in a village torn apart by warring gangs, he sets out to protect the townspeople..Genres: Adventure, Drama, Action.

Brave(2012),PG-13. Overview:In the mystical Scottish Highlands, Merida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer, Merida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right, Merida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Merida's quest — and serving as comic relief — are the kingdom's three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin, the surly Lord Macintosh, and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall..Genres: Animation, Family, Fantasy, Adventure.

Laila(2025),PG-13. Overview:Sonu Model, a renowned beautician from the old city, is forced to disguise himself as Laila, leading to a series of comedic, romantic, and action-packed events. Chaos ensues in this hilarious laugh riot.Genres: Comedy, Romance.

Muzzle: City of Wolves(2025),PG-13. Overview:LAPD officer Jake Rosser endeavors to lead a peaceful life with his family and retired K-9 officer, Socks. However, tranquility dissolves into chaos when a gang targets them in a brutal attack. Alongside his new K-9 partner Argos, Jake launches into a relentless pursuit of justice, determined to protect his loved ones..Genres: Action, Thriller, Mystery.

Kung Fu Panda(2008),PG-13. Overview:Chosen by prophecy but doubted by all, Po is an unlikely Dragon Warrior—a clumsy panda thrust into the world of kung fu as a deadly enemy threatens the Valley of Peace. Under reluctant guidance by Master Shifu and the Furious Five, Po must embrace who he is to unlock the power that no scroll can teach..Genres: Animation, Family, Drama, Comedy, Action.

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban(2004),PG-13. Overview:Year three at Hogwarts means new fun and challenges as Harry learns the delicate art of approaching a Hippogriff, transforming shape-shifting Boggarts into hilarity and even turning back time. But the term also brings danger: soul-sucking Dementors hover over the school, an ally of the accursed He-Who-Cannot-Be-Named lurks within the castle walls, and fearsome wizard Sirius Black escapes Azkaban. And Harry will confront them all..Genres: Adventure, Fantasy.

Toy Story 3(2010),PG-13. Overview:Woody, Buzz, and the rest of Andy's toys haven't been played with in years. With Andy about to go to college, the gang find themselves accidentally left at a nefarious day care center. The toys must band together to escape and return home to Andy..Genres: Animation, Family, Comedy.

The Secret Agent(2025),PG-13. Overview:Brazil, 1977. Marcelo, a technology expert in his early 40s, is on the run. Hoping to reunite with his son, he travels to Recife during Carnival but soon realizes that the city is not the safe haven he was expecting..Genres: Crime, Drama, Thriller.

Last Summer(2023),PG-13. Overview:One summer, a French teenager who has been living with his mother in the city moves in with his estranged father’s family in the countryside, where he clashes with his stepmother..Genres: Drama.

The Shining(1980),PG-13. Overview:Jack Torrance accepts a caretaker job at the Overlook Hotel, where he, along with his wife Wendy and their son Danny, must live isolated from the rest of the world for the winter. But they aren't prepared for the madness that lurks within..Genres: Horror, Thriller.

Saving Private Ryan(1998),PG-13. Overview:As U.S. troops storm the beaches of Normandy, three brothers lie dead on the battlefield, with a fourth trapped behind enemy lines. Ranger captain John Miller and seven men are tasked with penetrating German-held territory and bringing the boy home..Genres: War, Drama, History.

An Affair - Two Sisters(2017),PG-13. Overview:Two beautiful sisters run a cabin in the mountains that is well-known to men as a place of affection. An unknown man near the cabin watches them closely..Genres: Drama, Romance.

Snow White(2025),PG-13. Overview:Following the benevolent King's disappearance, the Evil Queen dominated the once fair land with a cruel streak. Princess Snow White flees the castle when the Queen, in her jealousy over Snow White's inner beauty, tries to kill her. Deep into the dark woods, she stumbles upon seven magical dwarves and a young bandit named Jonathan. Together, they strive to survive the Queen's relentless pursuit and aspire to take back the kingdom..Genres: Family, Fantasy.

The Pianist(2002),PG-13. Overview:The true story of pianist Władysław Szpilman's experiences in Warsaw during the Nazi occupation. When the Jews of the city find themselves forced into a ghetto, Szpilman finds work playing in a café; and when his family is deported in 1942, he stays behind, works for a while as a laborer, and eventually goes into hiding in the ruins of the war-torn city..Genres: Drama, War.

The Key(1983),PG-13. Overview:In 1940s Venice, after twenty years' marriage, retired art critic Nino Rolfe and his younger wife Teresa feel their passion waning. To help her shed her inhibitions and rekindle their relationship, the professor records his sexual fantasies in a diary..Genres: Drama, Romance.

The Draft!(2026),PG-13. Overview:5 student. An old villa. Old well. Forbidden room. Dark secret of the past. A seemingly omnipotent evil. Survival is the key. Let the battle of wits begins....Genres: Science Fiction, Horror.

The Hangover(2009),PG-13. Overview:When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry, they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they can't seem to locate their best friend, Doug – who's supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug, the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time..Genres: Comedy.

Madagascar(2005),PG-13. Overview:Four animal friends get a taste of the wild life when they break out of captivity at the Central Park Zoo and wash ashore on the island of Madagascar..Genres: Animation, Adventure, Comedy, Family.

